About Us
Offshore Outsource Operations Is part of a Group of Companies that have been providing Customer Service and Administrative support, Fire
Protection and Emergency Training Services to a wide range of clients in Australia for over the last 30 years.
We provide a wide range of administrative and management solutions to our clients and are looking to further streamline these solutions using IT
systems to provide the best and most user friendly experience for our clients.
The Opportunity
An exciting opportunity has become available for a motivated and talented IT Development Manager to join our innovative team. You will enjoy a
diverse variety of tasks, which will continue to develop your existing IT skills.
You will be responsible for the development of all IT infrastructure projects within the organisation. Leading a team of professionals, you will be
passionate about making a difference and motivating those around you to deliver the very best outcomes for our clients and our business.
Your duties will include but not be limited to -
Researching and recommending emerging IT Platforms to create strategic advantages and implement Board approved objectives
Developing KPIs to track and review project performance
Leading regular meetings with key stakeholders
Scoping projects, building timelines with cross-functional alignment that capture dependencies and facilitate day-to-day components
Identifying new projects based on patterns of regular inquires or recurring errors
Skills and Qualifications
Relevant Bachelors Degree
Minimum 3 years of technical experience
Police Check
Current Drivers Licence
Demonstrated experience managing multiple projects and workstreams
Outstanding communication, analytical and problem-solving skills
Excellent organisational and report writing skills
Collaborative and self-starter mindset and an eagerness to excel within the business
Why Join Us?
Generous Remuneration Package - KPI Bonus structure, incentives and much more!
Fantastic Team Culture - Join a hardworking and dedicated team who work together to achieve goals and deliver the very best outcomes!
Career Progression - This is a long term career opportunity with ongoing internal and external training and professional development
Apply Now!
If you are ready to advance your career and have a passion for the Fire Protection Industry, please apply via SEEK with your resume and cover letter
attached! 