About VGW
We are pioneers in online gaming, with talented people and innovative, patented technology. We own and operate several market-leading brands in the
largest markets in the world and have about 500 team members globally, all committed to building something amazing, pushing our boundaries and
having fun in the process. We’ve been disrupting online social casino and poker gaming since 2010 and bringing fun and excitement to millions of
customers. At VGW, we have a modern approach to getting work done and a focus on creating an environment where amazing people can do amazing
work. That means giving you the flexibility you need, providing spaces that will keep you comfortable and finding opportunities for you to keep learning
and growing.
About the Role
As a Product Owner in team Global Poker, you’ll be working closely with the Product Lead and other Product Owners to deliver the Global Poker
roadmap. You’ll translate business initiatives into actionable work items, and ensure product features are delivered with quality and fidelity that is in
keeping with the Global Poker brand.
On a day to day basis, you can expect to:
Contribute to the shaping, refinement, and prioritisation of business initiatives
Brief the Product Delivery team (engineers, analysts, designers, testers) on new initiatives or features, ensuring they have clear outcomes to work
towards
Increase the effectiveness of the Product Delivery team by connecting the day-to-day work to the broader Global Poker strategy
Work with the Product Delivery team to design solutions, and create actionable and testable user stories
Refine and prioritise the backlog in order to achieve learnings and outcomes in the most efficient way possible
Ensure completed work is delivered according to agreed quality standards
Work with external stakeholders to achieve shared outcomes
Make informed product and feature decisions with data and customer insights
Respond deliberately and appropriately to real-time production issues and other unplanned priorities
About You
You’ll have at least 3 years’ experience as a Product Owner and a passion for your craft.
To be successful in this role, we think you’ll also need:
A degree-level education in Games Design, Business, IT, Computer Science, User Experience or related field.
Proven ability to work with cross-functional teams to successfully launch new features and products in an Agile environment.
An objective and analytical approach to your analysis of requirements, and be creative in your solutions.
Experience in analysing data to draw business-relevant conclusions.
Technological awareness - you need the ability to understand how IT systems and technology can help solve business problems.
Advanced verbal and written communication skills.
A proactive approach, self-motivated, logical and objective.
An adaptable approach to communicating ideas and processes effectively to different audiences.
Experience working under pressure and to tight deadlines.
To be fun to have around!
Bonus Points!
JIRA & Confluence experience.
Poker enthusiast.
Experience working in RMG.
Experience working in Social Gaming.
Experience working in distributed teams across multiple timezones.
What’s Next?
Does this sound like your kind of challenge?
Apply now and we’ll be in touch soon.