2PM Services (2PM) is expanding and we’re on the hunt for someone to apply their amazing project management skills to IT and business
improvement projects in a vast array of activities. We want someone who exudes energy, creativity and good humour. Someone who won’t settle for
anything less than magic and with so much skill that it’s falling out of your pockets.

At 2PM, it’s people that makes us tick - we value relationships and we’re passionate about helping others succeed. We’re after a people-
person who cares about their work and wants the best outcome for our customers.

At 2PM, it’s also all about Team! Team, team, team, team, team! We even love saying the word "team". So, if you think great teamwork is the key to
success, have a degree in Awesome and associate the word PRINCE with more than just some quirky 80’s singer, 2PM invites you to become part of
our journey.
Are you the type of person who...
Gives regular status reports to your other half while doing the decorating
Can see the forest from the trees (like a big forest, think Congo basin)
Organises your family into a more efficient, team-based structure so strategically that even they thought it was a good idea
Isn’t interested in being micromanaged and punching the time clock
Experience that sings out to us includes
Cyber Security
Business Intelligence
Agile Development
Software as a Service
Bonus Points
At least 5+ years PM experience running end-to-end complex IT projects
A collaborative, consultative & team orientated approach to your work
Practical experience applying industry best practice Project Management methodologies
Excellent communication skills and an ability to build strong relationships with stakeholders at any level
A proven ability to manage resources, dependencies, scope, and risks (naturally)
Delivery focused and not afraid to take on difficult projects.
Providing solutions for business requirements and identify benefits
Did we say Team Player???
What’s in it for you?
In exchange for your awesome talents we offer:
Flexible Working Arrangements – Full Time/Part Time/Casual/Contractor
A supportive team environment - where your skills are appreciated & you are valued
The opportunity to be innovative, work on challenging projects and make a difference
Professional and career development opportunities
Competitive remuneration packages
Next steps
High Five, it looks like you got this far. Still interested? Why not research us? Head over to www.2pm.com.au