THE COMPANY
This company is a well-established yet growing Financial Trading firm
who operates in the Forex market.
They fully embrace IT and are embarking on an exciting journey to
revolutionize their customer experience through technology.
THE ROLE
Newly created Junior IT Business Analyst that will evolve and
develop over time. Ongoing training and development will be
provided.
Over time, you will grow to become the conduit between the business
stakeholders and in-house development teams to facilitate the
delivery improvements to the in-house developed CRM and FX
trading platform.
Ultimately the role will include:
Work closely with business stakeholders (e.g. FX brokers)
around needs analysis to identify opportunities for
improvement/enhancement.
Communicate with in-house developers and translate these
business requirements into technical terms.
Assist in the development of workflows; from identification
and requirements gathering to solution testing.
Project manage the implementation of new solutions into
production.
Simultaneously manage multiple projects and ensure they run
on schedule.
Upcoming projects you will be involved in:
o Building a new in-house developed CRM (SaaS-based)
o Continuous enhancements to the MT4 / MT5 trading platform.
o Improvements to the client portal.
o Ad hoc enhancement / improvement requests.
A SUITABLE CANDIDATE?
Being a junior role, it is suitable for an energetic and enthusiastic
aspiring IT Business Analyst who displays the ability to elicit
requirements from business stakeholders then translate them into
technical deliverables to development teams.
The ability to speak both Mandarin & English is needed + an industry
background in financial trading (or similar) is preferred.
The following is needed:
Business Analyst exposure as the conduit between
developers and the business.
Mandarin & English linguistic skills.
FX Trading industry background - or similar - is preferred
(Forex, CFD, STP etc).

The ability to work in an autonomous capacity inside a fast-
paced environment and drive your own priorities is required.

Project management / coordination skills is preferred.
Knowledge of development languages -e.g. Java, .Net, C# etc
SQL knowledge.
This is a full time permanent role located in the Sydney CBD and
is offering $70,000 - $90,000 (plus super) - depending on
experience.
*Please note, full permanent Australian working rights are required to
be considered for this position and successful applicants will be
contacted.
Apply Today
Please send your resume by clicking on the apply button. Your
application will be assessed within 3 working days. Please note only
shortlisted candidates will be contacted.