11 Jun 2020
Sydney, CBD, Inner West & Eastern Suburbs
Full Time
Information & Communication Technology, Business/Systems Analysts

Responsibilities include:
Responsible for defining improvements to business processes, gathering information and analysing the client organization’s business intentions,
services, processes and information needs to identify changes that lead to business improvements.
Analysing business processes and advising customers on business process automation and optimization.
Identifying and communicating with clients to formulate strategies and produce a requirements specification to create system and software
solutions for businesses.

Analysing existing systems, application design and functions to ensure strategic ICT objectives are met by adopting contemporary analysis best-
practice methodologies and processes including performing gap analysis within a scaled agile framework.

Interpreting specifications, technical designs and flow charts for applications, researching, consulting, analysing and evaluating system needs
Preparing technical specifications from a business functional mode, testing and writing technical documentation, end user documentation and
operational procedures
Evaluating system needs with clients and users to formulate and document business requirements.
Assisting company to develop functional standards for other system users.
Provide designs, based on pre-defined solution architecture, an integrated high-level solution that fit customer’s business & operational needs.
Determining any inefficient business practices and system errors, such as duplicate orders, and double payments, etc, and providing efficient
optimal business practice, solutions, and system functionality and behaviours
Identifying, investigating, and analysing business processes, procedures and work practices to identify and evaluate inefficiencies, thereby
recommending optimal business practices to improve business functionality.
Manages the overall IT program scope, maintain its continuous alignment with strategic business objectives and works directly with the customer
to clearly articulate and document the business requirements.
Taking responsibility for deploying functional solutions, such as creating, adopting and implementing system test plans, which ensure acceptable
quality and integrity of the workplace systems.
Creating user and training documentation and conducting formal training classes.
Skills and experience
Analysing and documenting business and technical requirements that best reflect customer needs; Translating the requirements into prioritize
epics/features, supporting the release and iteration planning.
Developing functional specifications for use by software engineers and developer programmers to create solutions then creating user and training
documentation and conducting formal training classes to train the employees on the new procedures.
Using data and process modelling techniques to create clear system specifications for the design and development of system software.
Demonstrating experience as an ICT Business Analyst within an agile environment understanding the business and IT requirements of the client.
Acting as a central reference and information source, providing guidance and assistance in the system project decision making process by
continuous communications with the client and passing on the information and requirements to the system developers.
Establish collaborative and influential relationships with stakeholders, customers and colleagues, to ensure easy and effective achievement of
team / project / business goals.
Accountability and responsibility for scope, time, cost, quality, changes and dependencies in the project.
Performs demonstrations of solutions to users. Effectively participate in and lead formal and informal reviews with stakeholders, knowledge, and
experience in providing technical perspective and support
Accountable and responsible for development teams during the iterations (provide business clarifications, adjustment to risks, change in scope,
reprioritize and approve “done” stories and features during demos).
Responsible for communicating the solution to customers’ business and/ or IT personnel, explaining the details of new solutions and their impact
on business processes, and ensuring that the customer understands the solution.

Follows up on solution design issues in his/her domain until solution is signed off and supports the resolution of configuration/ implementation-
related issues as and when they arise.

Responsible for solution-related documents and functional specifications; May also configure the solution, and create, execute and maintain test
plans when applicable.
The ideal candidate must possess
Relevant bachelor’s degree
Minimum 3 years’ experience in business analysis
A proven understanding of business concepts and processes
Strong analytical skills in both operational and IS environment
Excellent verbal and written communication
The position may involve domestic travel.