Melbourne
Full Time
Information & Communication Technology, Business/Systems Analysts

The speed of change is throwing traditional business methods into question and disrupting the relevance of entire industries. the company, a global
leader in consulting, digital transformation, technology and engineering services, is at the forefront of innovation and well placed to address
opportunities for our clients in the evolving world of cloud, digital and platforms. Building on its strong 50-year heritage and deep industry-specific
expertise, the company enables organisations to realise their business ambitions through an array of services from strategy to operations. the company is
driven by the conviction that the business value of technology comes from and through people. Today, it is a multicultural company with over 270,000
team members in almost 50 countries. With Altran, the Group reported 2019 combined revenues of EUR 17 billion. Learn more about us at
Let's talk about the team:
"If you did something twice, it is worth automating." Here at the company, we believe in going on transformation journeys together. We collaborate
closely with both clients and colleagues across various disciplines to deliver world class solutions. Our Agile & DevOps team seeks enthusiastic,
talented individuals to join. Ideally, you are the kind of person who gets excited about modern approaches to better software delivery and automation,
from microservices architecture and container and serverless technologies. You work well with others and understand that the optimum almost always
emerges through exchanging ideas. You are also keen to learn from others and share your learnings, through the articles, news and podcasts we
consume, the documentation we create, and the stories we share, so that the team grows together. We believe that there's very little in the way of just
doing it when it comes to experimenting with new technology; not only are you encouraged to explore your interests, develop new skills but also have
access to our global training materials, and supported to get industry certifications.
Let's talk about the role and responsibilities:
You will be joining a team of high performing engineers and other professionals who are passionate about solving complex problems and focused on
delivering innovative solutions. You will be working with industry leaders and have the opportunity to learn and contribute to the best techniques and
patterns that accelerate work in the fast moving cloud industry. Your day to day role involves working with cloud technologies to deliver innovative
solutions for large customers. You will face a dynamic array of challenges working across large enterprise and government clients.
Let's talk about your qualifications and experience:
8+ years of application design and development experience with 4+ years in banking industry.
Experience in banking projects around Financial Lending Systems and Core Banking Applications.
Ability to think from application NFRs while creating detailed technical design documents for the applications.
Proven experience in delivering complex designs requirements, along with owning the design over the life cycle of end-to-end delivery.
Ability to work with multiple stakeholders (Architects, Business Analysts and Developers) and produce design artefacts.
Accurate Impact Assessment & Estimation for the system changes proposed to solution, along with reviewing Test coverage and Implementation
plans.
Good team player, lead the design work and coordinate the developers involved in the Agile teams for successful delivery.
Strong communication, presentation and engagement skills while facilitating workshops.