Greater Bank is transforming, adapting and rethinking banking. We are more than just an award-winning financial services organisation, we do the right
thing by our customers and provide a better way of banking.
About the role – fixed-term contract
This is an exciting opportunity to join our solution architecture team as Greater Bank commences its digital transformation journey. With a focus on
application architecture, software development and systems integration, the Solution Architect will work closely with business stakeholders and
empowered agile teams to deliver technology solutions that help the organisation achieve its strategic goals – enabling innovative digital capabilities,
great customer experiences and improved business efficiency.
What we’re looking for
As the ideal candidate you will have a strong technical background in software development, systems architecture and design as well as an excellent
knowledge of database solutions, application services, messaging backbones, application integration and architecture patterns and solutions. You may
have held an architect role previously or be looking to make the transition from a development / engineering role into architecture.
Your superior interpersonal, influencing and negotiation skills will aid your ability to engage key stakeholders and customers to achieve business
transformation within the architecture framework. Key experience required:
Ability to lead solution designs and work with multiple teams to deliver outcomes
Strong technical software development background combined with an ability to understand business needs
Ability to empathise with, collaborate with and influence stakeholders
Ability to design for appropriate quality in context, balancing current and future needs
Modern enterprise application design patterns and practices
Excellent communications skills both written and verbal
Experience with agile software development methodologies
Experience with delivering complex projects to solve challenging technical problems
Degree qualified in an appropriate technical field such as Computer Science or Software Engineering
Desirable but not essential:
Experience in banking, finance or payment industries
Experience with public cloud, containerisation and related technologies

What’s in it for you
This is a truly rare opportunity to join a high-performing team and work alongside other passionate technologists to deliver an enterprise-defining
program of work. You will be instrumental in setting architectural standards and delivering the organisation’s mission-critical roadmap. We’ll commit to
helping you stay hands-on and technically fluent while you also help everyone understand the big picture. We offer you the platform to demonstrate
your capability and further develop your skills and career within an established challenger brand who are very much focused on our customers.
We offer you great benefits, including:
Being part of change that has a meaningful and long-lasting impact on our customers
Solving challenging and complex technical problems within a high-performing team
Informal and formal flexible work/life balance
A great team culture
Salary packaging, discounted financial products, corporate