Software Developer
About the company
is the leading independent provider of trusted data and analytics products and services in Australia and New Zealand. is headquartered in Melbourne with offices in all major metropolitan cities across Australia and New Zealand. Our team of more than 900 work with leading brands in our region to bring data & analytics to life. We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Software Developer to join our Open Data Solutions (ODS) team based in Adelaide. This is a
fantastic opportunity for anyone who is looking to increase their skill set and advance their career with a large organisation.
About the role
Fast, flexible, and powerful, Open Data Solutions makes bank statement retrieval and categorisation frictionless and positions at the forefront of Open Banking in our region.
The role of the Software Developer is to design, develop, and maintain ODS products an service and provide assistance to key stakeholders as required.
Duties
Designing, coding, testing and installing applications programs, either in one major program or a range of programs across multiple platforms;
Conducting design and code reviews, and providing advice and support to junior members of the team;
Work closely with the business analysts to evaluate possible solutions, and refine the business and technical requirements;
Ensure that solutions are developed within agreed time frames and to the agreed scope set by business;
Consistently responding rapidly to systems problems; resolving them quickly and effectively and communicating solutions with relevant stakeholders.

Skills & Experience

3 to 5 years of experience in Programming and Applications Design, coupled with tertiary qualifications in Computer Science or a related
discipline;
Minimum 3 years commercially proven experience in developing applications in PHP;
Developed skills and knowledge of one of the major relational database packages such as MySQL, Oracle, SQL Server or Postgres; 
In depth knowledge of the System Development Life Cycle;
Ability to communicate problems of a technical nature to all levels of
management.
Culture
At we are always seeking innovative and forward-thinking
individuals to join us on our journey. Our culture is unique. It's fast,
results-driven and dynamic. It's certainly not for everyone. But if you
thrive in a high performing environment - could be for you!
Benefits
Feel good in the workplace - Australia and NZ wide wellness
program to foster positive health & wellbeing for all employees.
Career Development Opportunities - we are committed to filling our
role internally
Gifted additional annual leave program - earn up to 5 days each
financial year
How to Apply
To apply, please click "Apply Now" button and we will be in touch
shortly.
To be considered for this position, you must be an Australian/NZ
Citizen or have a Permanent Residency visa.