is the leading designer and retailer of audio visual solutions in Queensland and has been for more than three decades. One of Queensland's
'Top 50' private companies, our vision is to enhance our customer's lives through technology and service and our clients include many of the most
prestigious public and private organisations.
is looking to employ a highly motivated individual to work with our Technical Services team. Reporting to the Technical Lead, your primary
focus is to ensure the efficient and effective delivery of programming services for our customers.
This is a fantastic opportunity for someone that has excelled in the past and is looking for a new role in a fast-growing company at the forefront of its
industry.
As the successful candidate, you will have:
Proven experience in the Audio Visual Industry with installation, design, project management and programming;
Skilled, empathetic communication skills with a genuine interest in people;
A technical understanding of relevant technologies and their applications in Audio Visual design;
An ability to respond quickly and be sensitive to customer’s expectations;
An ability to interpret information, multi-task, prioritise and manage time effectively;
A creative and proactive in providing solutions;
Flexibility to adapt with very good problem-solving skills;
An ability to work well as part of a team;
Demonstrated leadership experience with technical teams;
Demonstrated personal achievement in any field.
Position Responsibilities:
Programming traditional control systems/standards-based software;
Attend start-up meetings and project delivery catch-ups to allocate resources and understand upcoming project requirements;
Maintain the organisation's effectiveness and efficiency by defining, delivering, and supporting strategic plans;
Estimates for requested quote requests including an approximate account of programming/technical services labour;
To remain up to date with required certifications and training needs;
Identifying and assessing future and current training requirements;
Assist in providing training standards for the team;
To build and maintain strong relationships with customers;
Coordinate with team members to highlight areas of improvement;
Maintain accountability to systems, processes, code of conduct and company values;
Contribute to the Connected Vision technical team communication and development
Development, coaching and mentoring Junior Programmers.

This is a challenging and very rewarding role and if successful, you will become part of a highly dedicated, motivated and supportive team.
A remuneration package commensurate with your experience will be offered to the successful candidate.
If you are seeking a genuine career opportunity and would like to be a crucial member of team please click apply.