Our Company
Our goal at  is To create awesome experiences that inspire our customers to make confident choices. We are a digital media business
who manages and continues to innovate on three sites: Racenet, Punters, and Greyhound Recorder. We also have the mandate to take our affiliate
marketing capability in the wagering sector global with plans for expansion in both Europe and the US. is a subsidiary of one of the
worlds largest media companies News Corp Australia (NCA). In the next three to five years we expect to at least triple the size of our business.
The Team
Our Team tells us that our people are what makes our company great. We are a bunch of racing and sports enthusiasts who are
passionate about the products we provide and take to market. We value team players, innovation, a customer focus, drive and accountability and this
provides the foundation for us to develop end-to-end awesome experiences that inspire our customers.
We work on great well-known brands. We collaborate on Jira and Slack, we trust our staff and we understand everyone needs flexibility with their work.
Our systems are auto-scaled on AWS & Azure. Our workflow is agile. Our staff are talented, focused and friendly. We're in horse racing and sport. The
tech brings the data to life for our customers.
The Role
As a Software Developer at youll be joining a team of highly skilled, driven & passionate developers. Working across the full suite of our
exciting brands you will actively develop new features, contribute to the architectural design of new systems and look for opportunities to innovate our
products. The responsibilities of the role are:
Development of website features (front and back-end)
Maintenance, auditing & optimisation of existing systems
Maintaining high standards of software quality by adhering to coding practices and habits
Manage technical support issues
Data management
Software solution planning and design
Other tasks required to successfully undertake the role of a Software Developer
The skills and experience you will bring are:
A robust understanding of modern JavaScript (ES6+) & Node.js development
An in-depth working knowledge of PHP (7.0+)
An understanding of AWS and its products & services
Database cluster management
Ability to write complex and efficient MySQL queries
CI/CD configuration and implementation
Demonstrated experience as a full-stack web developer
Exposure to AWS Lambda & the Serverless framework
Solution architecture and design
Infrastructure as Code development & management
A passion for code, development, technology and self-improvement.
Importantly, align with our values: Team Players, Innovative, Customer Focused, Driven and Accountable
Highly desirable
Working experience with Nuxt and/or Next
Active development with Express and/or Nest JS frameworks
Docker, Ansible and/or Packer image development.
Exposure to Azure and/or GCP