Role Overview:
has three main ways in which we deliver value to customers; Professional Services (customer projects), Solutions (IP and software products
that we develop) and Customer Care (Ongoing support). This role is part of the Solutions team. The purpose of this position is to execute on the
development of new solutions at contribute to the maintenance of existing solutions, and assist with the delivery of the Solutions strategy
across the organisation. The Junior Solutions Developer will bring with them expertise in the development space, learning a variety of technologies and
programming languages, and show a strong aptitude to learn new things, or provide new ideas for the consideration of the Solutions Team Lead.

Stuff we’ll trust you with:
Develop technical solutions, peer review and provide feedback on solutions.
Deploy our in-house technical solutions onto client environments. Assist with the technical readiness and understanding of the solution by our
clients.
Maintain existing solutions, peer review and provide feedback on solutions.
Undertake R&D activities, including research, experimentation, collaboration, documentation, knowledge sharing.
The accountabilities as specified above maybe altered in accordance with the changing requirements of the position.

What  will offer you in this role:
Own the way you work with flexible work arrangements.
We recognise that life is easier when cash flow is easy. That’s why we’ll pay you weekly – not fortnightly or monthly like other companies.
We’ll help with you support your family – get up to 4 months Paid Parental Leave at full salary for primary carer (not including government-funded
parental leave).
Be mentored – grow your career – we want you to be with us for a long time.
Transparency – we’re open about what’s happening in the company, where it’s going, how it’s performing.
Stay connected – BYOD policy, mobile allowances reimbursement program.
Keep learning – training opportunities and reimbursement.
Sustenance! Free breakfast provisions, fruit, juice, beer, wine, coffee, tea, soft drink, beer, chips, beer...did we mention beer?
Stay engaged – work alongside amazing people and contribute to the company culture.
Incredible discounts on products and services through our employee benefits portal and third party partners (such as 5% off Coles/Woolworths and
half price movie tickets).

Skills, Knowledge and Experience:
Ideally, you'll have these skills when applying for this job:
Tertiary qualifications in Computer Science or comparable discipline;
Microsoft Certifications are highly desirable for this position.
1-4 years experience working in a similar role.
Software development skills, within a Microsoft framework
(languages to include .Net, C# and SQL).
JavaScript client-side development
React
Office Fluent UI
Reporting and BI capabilities or knowledge, specifically within the Microsoft stack.
Excellent analytical skills in order to produce high quality solutions, documents and technical specifications.
Strong, passionate knowledge of the Microsoft stack, including the Power Platform, Teams, SharePoint, Project Online/Server, Office 365 and
familiarity with project management tools.
Demonstrated ability to problem solve.
Strategic thinker with the ability to align technology with the business objectives and organisational drivers.
Strong time management with the ability to manage multiple projects and competing client demands.
Possess an understanding of project management and financial management principles to be able to understand the language our clients use.

Highly Desirable - Skills, Knowledge and Experience:
Excellent communication skills
Attention to detail and an appreciation of the maintainability of a solution as well as its technical prowess.
Foosball skills.

About you:
It's important for you to feel that this is the right job for you. We want you for both a long time and a good time, so choose wisely! Here's some things
you'll need to bring to the role:
You genuinely think you can make a difference to the way our customers work, and you have a positive outlook on life.
You're not afraid of hard work. Curly challenges. Sometimes inconvenient hours.
Perhaps you attend (or run) local user groups. In any case, you're curious about how things work. You don't pretend to know everything – and as a
result, you are constantly learning.
People trust you. You have the ability to be handed a problem and feel confident that you can resolve it.
You're comfortable with change.
You're going to write an amazing cover letter for this role :)
If this sounds like you, we strongly encourage you to apply!

About:
is a specialist technology company that helps clients achieve better project and productivity outcomes. Our vision is
to evolve the productivity and improve the business of every customer we engage with. We are known for our expertise and are a leader within the
Microsoft productivity landscape. We are a profitable, growing, awesome place to work that everyone at  is proud of. Things you should know
about us before applying to join:
We're growing. You won't be the "new person" for long :)
We're a friendly and fun bunch. We work hard.
We have high expectations, but we'll make sure we help you meet them.
You can find out more about us on our website