Re-think how you test and what you think testing is for in this role. If
you're stuck in a step by step, templated work flow of the ISEB or ISQTB
style of thinking - then you are definitely not suited.
We need people who like to think, who are creative, who have fire and
passion to work out solutions, who don't just show up on the job doing
what they have done before. You don't do 'robotic',you aren't so scripted
you can't think or design strategies built from the requirement in front of
you.
So if you're saying to yourself "wow, you cow" you get Nothing! GREAT.
BUT, if you back yourself, are incurably curious, excited about new stuff
and can hold you're own around motivated, exceptionally smart people,
if you are honest and love learning new stuff I'd love to talk with you
Do you ask yourself questions like "How do I know that I know?".
If you know the impact of your reputation on whether the developer
thinks your bugs are worth looking at?
If you've stepped back at something you've done and taken real pride in
the work you've done..?
If you love it when stuff works and you get a sense of clarity and sanity
about how you got stuff sorted...
... and other stuff of this nature. Then there is this role, read below.

Main Activities/Tasks
• Context driven approach to testing at all times
• automate the SHI* out of everything (node JS environment)
Log clear, reproducible bug reports
• Advocate for bugs throughout the resolution process
- advocate for "QA assistance"/ Shift Left paradigms
Technical Expertise
Ability to code in Node JS for writing an automated test harness
Understand issues, concerns and lay of the land around usability,
security, third-party integration, accessibility, performance, load,
cross-browser compatibility and mobile devices...
Ability to create and define a test approach for any given context
A good understanding of metrics and their use in project analysis
Ability to write clear bug reports quickly and concisely
Put "wow you cow" in the subject line and email me your resume. Be
warned, I bug check your resume for mistakes and whether you have
addressed the main requirements.
For Australian residents only and you need full Australian working rights.
