Manual Tester * FinTech *
(Superannuation, Wealth

Management)
Sydney. $110k Package * Manual tetser, Agile environment
5 years Test Experience with excellent communication skills
Superannuation, Wealth Management, Trading, Broking,
Investment essential.
* Sydney
*110k Package
* Financial Services - mandatory:- Superannuation or Wealth
management
This is a great opportunity for someone who is looking to work in a
true Scrum environment and mentor more junior members of the
team. Its a fast growing and well known business in the CBD who
invest in their staff and reward well.
The technology team’s structure will allow you to be exposed to
and have the opportunity to build your skills across functions within
technology with a high level of support, training, certifications and
personal development.

Please Only apply if you tick the following basic requirements for
this role.
** Financial knowledge is essential for this Mid- Senior level Test
Analyst
Superannuation / Financial services. ** Please DO NOT APPLY
unless you have experience of working in the following:
MUST have come from a Fintech or Financial services firm. Must
be one of the following business areas: Super annuation, Funds,
Portfolio, Trading, Broking, Investment, Stocks, Shares, Wealth
Management
Minimum 5 years’ experience within a testing/change
environment
Sound experience in Manual Software Testing, including best
practices and methodology
Sound experience in an Agile development methodology
General knowledge of financial market operations and financial
platform industry
Excellent organisation skills with successful experience in
developing and meeting timelines under pressure
Sound troubleshooting skill
Experience in contributing to develop and enhance an effective
testing methodology
Some experience in co-ordinating and mentoring test analysts
The Role:
You will report into the Test Team Lead who reports into the Head
of development and you will be responsible to Test Manually and
help guide and mentor x5 junior (including graduates) to help with
test planning, preparation & Execution.
The “right culture fit & attitude” is everything and so you will be
passionate to improve and be part of a team.
((This is a hands on role and will not suit a manager who wants to
be involved in team recruitment, appraisals etc. Its guiding and
mentoring and helping the team from a technical perspective in a
Senior Test capacity)).

If you are looking for a great career move, with the rare opportunity
to be trained in new applications, systems and with career
progression into business analysis, Project Management or
development for a long term plan within this business please apply
now!
