Automation Test Consultant

Automation Lead Test Consultant
Green Light Australia’s Melbourne practice is growing with a number of
Greenfield projects kicking off and we are looking for an Automation
Lead Test Consultant with strong automation and Agile delivery
experience to maintain capability across our project portfolio. In this role
you'll play a crucial part in Green Light’s ethos which is to improve
quality, speed up development time and consistently deliver high end
solutions to our partners.
Your day to day activities will be a mix of automation and all test
activities in relation to manual testing of customer facing web
applications, mobile devices, back end systems, internal systems and
infrastructure changes.
Required Skills and Experience:
Outgoing and passionate quality professional with understanding of
Agile Scrum/ Testing and strong collaboration with developers,
business analysts and DevOps during a sprint cycles.
Proven ability to lead and manage small teams
Strong test management skill and in-depth knowledge of current
testing techniques
Experience in test automation design with Continuous Integration (CI)
/ Continuous Delivery tools like TeamCity, Jenkins, TFS, Octopus.
Exposure to test environment management such as virtualisation
(VMware, Hyper-V), Cloud (AWS, Azure), Vagrant, Packer,
Chef/Puppet/DSC or Docker.
Business Driven Development (BDD) such as SpecFlow, Cucumber
or Test Driven Development TDD.
Excellent understanding of Web stack (Web Services [SOAP and
REST], HTML DOM and HTTP).
Demonstrable expertise in Selenium, Python, Bash scripting and
scripts with JAVA
Be enthusiastic about working in a collaborative environment and
understand teamwork with colleagues from different streams of
software development to achieve desired outcomes.
Demonstrated experience in Backend API testing / interface: REST,
JSON, XML.
Some experience of performance testing (Jmeter, SoapUI,
Loadrunner, Visual Studio Load Testing tools).
Baseline Security Clearance or an Australian Citizen willing to
undertake Baseline clearance.
Nice to have:
Knowledge of automating Windows based applications.
Knowledge of automating security testing.
Ability to act as a technical analyst if required.
Experience with Jira, Confluence, BitBucket from Atlassian.
Experience with Titan or Janus Graph DB would be highly desirable.
Previous experience as a Full Stack Developer would be highly
desirable.
Background working in a complex ICT environment.
Green Light is one of Australia's most successful and fastest growing IT
services businesses. We offer a wide range of IT services in Security,
infrastructure and Systems Integration to a diverse customer base
throughout Australia, New Zealand, SE Asia and Europe.
If interested in the role, please contact for
further information. Resumes to be sent in WORD format.

Please note as part of the hiring process, Green Light will request
reference checks and verify your entitlement to work in Australia. You
may also be required to undertake background checks and police
checks.
