Due to the increase in projects, a key opportunity has arisen for an experienced telecommunications Technician to join our team.
Installing and maintaining 3G, 4G and 5G technology;
Installation of Radio Base Stations, Terminating Hybriflex Cables & Coaxial feeder cables/tails, earthing, cable trays, diplexers, combiners;
Installation of DC Power rack systems including rectifiers, batteries and load testing;
Integration/Commissioning.
PIM, VSWR and Sweep Testing;
Troubleshooting, replacing defective equipment, fault finding, site investigation, and monitoring project development;
Installation of microwave indoor unit and outdoor unit and commissioning;
Technical installs testing commissioning of Sites;
Call testing of sites and uploading of all HOP paperwork for site completion;
Testing and commissioning of Microwave dishes, panning, alignment and full installs; and
Installation of Fibre including testing
Skills and experience
Successful candidates will have the following
Telstra and Optus 3G/4G/5G experience highly regarded.
Extensive work experience within the Communication industry in Australia.
BTS install and commissioning experience.
Proven experience in completing handover documentation on-site.
Experience in fault finding.
RF Electromagnetic Radiation Hazard (RADHAZ) Awareness;
Optus, Vodafone and Telstra online induction.
Current Working at Heights / Tower Rescue Ticket.
Construction White Card.
First Aid certification.
Driving Licence.
We are committed to attracting, developing and retaining the right people who are highly competent, motivated, live our values and actively contribute
to our long-term success.
If you are ready to join MJI Group, apply now.
Job benefits and perks
Above award packages
Excellent Team Environment - Work with a growing reputable organization
Company car, phone and laptop for suitable candidate
Tools and Equipment
Excellent Work Conditions and Supportive Team Environment
Permanent Long-term employment
Career Progression opportunities