Adzee Media is a digital media agency with a broad range of product and service offerings, including:
Photography;
Videography + Editing;
Design;
Social Media Marketing;
SEO / SEM; and
Web Development.
To learn more about Adzee Media, please take a look at our website: https://www.adzeemedia.com/
Location: Hampton, VIC
Position Description:
A Project Manager is a full-time position responsible for planning, overseeing and leading projects from ideation through to completion.
This is a senior role at an organisation and requires interaction with a range of internal and external stakeholders, most often managing several moving
project parts simultaneously.
This role is designed for a multi-skilled and highly capable candidate, who is aware of business challenges, nuances and variations.
Role focus:
The role focuses on completing projects within the Adzee Media framework, as efficiently and promptly as possible. The company is still young but has
worked with a myriad of impressive clients ranging from the sports industry, PR firms, AFGC businesses to arms of government business.
Experience (position) and qualifications (degree or education) in any of the below industries will be favourable for this position, in the
following fields:
Engineering
IT or Computer Science
Business or Business Administration
Management
*Minimum experience of 2 years in this role or similar.
Software and social utilities (main) used by the Adzee Media team:
HubSpot, Harvest, Trello, Slack and Asana
Core responsibilities:
As such, the core responsibilities of this role will include:
Hosting morning team meeting. Take control of daily stand-up (or Google Meets, for the moment) meetings to monitor progress of project
deliverables.
Setting up JIRA or similar software to operate as PM efficiently and boards for existing and new projects are kept up-to-date from start to finish of a
project.
Introducing key PM concepts such as Scrum to staff and ensuring ongoing compliance.
Implement reliable, scale-able processes to improve delivery of services.
Management of multiple small to medium-sized teams across multiple projects.
Participate in the tender process.
Securing growth opportunities and initiating new projects.
Communicate project progress with clients and senior staff.
Leading project planning sessions.

Coordinating team and internal resources.
Managing relationships with clients and stakeholders.
Designing and signing off on contracts.
Overseeing all incoming and outgoing project documentation.
Participating in the tender process: design, submission and review.
Designing a risk mitigation plan.
Conducting project review, deliverables and creating detailed reports for executive team.
Optimising and improving processes and the overall approach where necessary.
Securing growth opportunities and initiating new projects.
Managing large and diverse teams – with a holistic strategy for overall wellbeing.
Overseeing projects for different agency departments, which include videography, photography, graphic design, social media, web assets and
communication.

Skills required to perform well in this role include:
Written and verbal communication skills.
Capacity to manage high stress situations.
Ability to multi-task and manage various project elements simultaneously.
Leadership skills.
High organisational skills with the ability to prioritise and manage deadlines.
The ability to work towards goals and achieving company KPIs.
Critical and lateral thinking and vision.
Attention to detail.
To express interest in this role, please attention your application via email (with supporting attachments for consideration)
to: 