Ally Fashion is seeking an experienced IT Project Manager who MUST
HAVE RETAIL AND/OR E-COMMERCE EXPERIENCE!!
This role must be able to deliver priority work items, monitoring and
measuring the progress of key project activities, and developing
strategies and work plans. You will work directly with functions within
the business to scope existing technology improvement opportunities,
determine requirement specifications, assist with solution identification
and then provide professional technology expertise.
This role requires interaction with a range of internal and external
stakeholders, most often managing several moving project partssimultaneously. This role is designed for a multi-skilled and highly
capable candidate, who is aware of business challenges, nuances and
variations.
About You
Manage the implementation of IT projects to achieve required
outcomes within timelines and budgets. This includes budgets,
resource plans etc.
Have strong problem-solving skills and be able to resolve issues,
analyse alternative courses of action and their implications and
develop continuous improvement processes to enhance project
management, procedures and work practices.
Researching and recommending emerging IT Platforms to create
strategic advantages and implement Board approved objectives.
Scoping projects, building timelines with cross-functional alignment
that capture dependencies and facilitate day-to-day components.
Have minimum of 5 years of consulting experience within ERP and
WMS.
Have worked on at least 3-4 end to end implementation projects and
should be aware sure step implementation methodology.
Should have complete knowledge on various Project management
Inquiry tools and reports.
Excellent communication skills along with good analysis and
documentation skills.
Should have a positive and can-do approach.
Convert requirements to functional specs and functional design
documents.
Should have experience in handling SIT, End user training, UAT and
Go Live.
Own project deliverables (status reports, documentation, test plans.)
Take personal ownership of the success of deliverables and
projects.
Conduct functional testing of modifications and sub-processes
during sprints.
We are looking for someone who can work unsupervised and within
a collaborative team using Agile, show initiative and flexibility with a
“can do” attitude.
Provide / manage post project implementation reporting,
documentation and training.
Research opportunities and solutions where IT projects can improve
the efficiency and processes within the business.
Business reporting and strong knowledge of MySQL.
Experience with Magento, PeopleVox and Island Pacific is
advantageous.
Please apply NOW! Please do not apply unless you have Retail and/or
E-Commerce experience.