About Kiama:
Kiama Municipality boasts lush rolling hills, unspoilt beaches,
ancient rainforests, welcoming towns and villages and of course
our two famous blowholes. Home to almost 23,000 people from
Minnamurra in the north to the white sands of Gerroa to the south.
Great coastal lifestyle
Flexible working arrangements
Enjoy work life balance
Join our dedicated and enthusiastic team who are committed to
creating a Municipality that has a healthy, vibrant, beautiful
environment and harmonious connected and resilient community.
We are focused on, not only achieving our organisational goals but
assisting staff to realise their professional and personal goals.
The role:
To lead and manage an ICT project to successfully deliver an
Enterprise Software business transformation business solution
within time, budget and scope.
To lead and manage additional assigned projects.
To improve Project Management governance and processes
across Council's operations.
To be successful in this role you will need:
Extensive experience and proven track record of successful ICT
project management.
Proven business acumen.
Well-developed skills to coordinate staff, set priorities and
ensure project deliverables are met.
Highly developed interpersonal, written and verbal
communication skills with particular emphasis in the areas of
project status reporting, consultation and relationship building.
Proven ability to manage disruptive change across teams.
Qualifications in ICT and/or project management will be
favourably regarded.
About you:
You are an experienced project manager with the ability to work
with key stakeholders to deliver an enterprise project. You will have
extensive experience in continuous improvement, change
management, project management methodology and project
governance. You will have highly developed relationship building
and negotiation skills and the ability to present to small and large
groups.
We offer:
Temporary, full time (35 hours per week, 2 year term contract
with the possibility of extension)
Salary from $83,715 to $98,800 p.a. (depending on
qualifications, skills and experience)
A market allowance may be negotiated with the successful
candidate in addition to the above salary
9.5% superannuation
Laptop and phone
Access to the Fitness Passport [link removed]