About Katzion

We are a start-up who is lucky to already have some of the largest Auto Manufacturers in Australia as valued partners. We are trusted to deliver
innovative and creative solutions using the power of SalesForce (Sales Cloud, Service Cloud, Heroku, Mulesoft, Marketing Cloud, Community Cloud to
name a few)
We are growing quickly which means there are amazing opportunities for new people to join our team. We support staff through additional training
opportunities as well as offer full flexibility to allow team members to manage their own work schedules.
If you are someone who wants to play a key role in the development of an organization – Katzion is for you.

About the role

You will be principally responsible for working with various partners in managing CRM initiatives and business as usual activities with our core clients.
You will also manage project implementations and play a key role in the mapping and oversight of critical business processes with our clients. Your role
will act as the core bond between the clients and the development/support teams based in Sydney and India.
RESPONSIBILITIES
Project Management: you will be expected to consult and advise clients on Salesforce related business as usual activities and ad-hoc projects. You
will assist in analysing CRM data, generating reports, and create reverse briefs.
Project Delivery: you will be responsible for reporting progress on projects within your area of responsibility, and managing agreed time frames by
utilizing our onsite/offshore teams.

Why Katzion?

Exciting Projects with large clients based in Sydney, Australia.
Attend Professional Training for continuous development
Flexible work Schedule.
Social - Team Events and Celebrations.
Sydney CBD office - close to everything.

Skills and experience

Must Have: Experience working as a project manager or a business Analyst and have completed multiple Salesforce Projects.
At least 3 years of hands-on working experience in the Salesforce industry.
Proven ability to manage and deliver multiple projects simultaneously in a fast-paced environment and set realistic expectations.
At least 2 years experience working in a onsite/offshore consulting business model.
Nice to Have:
Basic understanding of SQL, SOQL and other core database technologies.
Automotive Industry Experience.
One or more Salesforce certification(s).
General Skills:
Quick learner, great problem-solving abilities and a willingness to tackle complex situations.
Lead workshops and conduct meetings with clients and technical staff to determine business, system and functional requirements.
Business acumen – use data and apply a logical method to decision making.
Knowledge of Agile processes and methodologies.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills