Join Us and Make a Difference to the Community
The Diocese of Maitland-Newcastle serves the Hunter and Manning regions which have a population of some 150,000 Catholics. Through its parishes,
pastoral groups, and its agencies of Catholic Schools, Catholic Care, St Nicholas Early Education and others, the Diocese provides pastoral,
educational, social, and community development. As one of the largest employers in the Hunter region, the Diocese employs more than 3,500 staff.
The Opportunity:
Reporting to the Service Delivery Manager, this exciting new role will partner with our Property and Facilities Team, stakeholders, suppliers and
Technology Services team members to oversee and coordinate the successful delivery of IT infrastructure and services for a large program of capital
works projects.
If you love the challenge of managing multiple streams of work and working with a wide variety of stakeholders across multiple sectors, then could be
the role for you! You will have the opportunity to assist with the successful delivery of capital works projects across the hunter and manning region.
This is a full-time maximum term position to 24 June 2022, with the possibility of renewal. The role is based at our Hunter St Campus in Newcastle
West, NSW. Due to the nature of the role, some travel within the Hunter-Manning region will be necessary.
What we will give you:
An attractive salary.
Three additional days leave annually, Bishop Leave, between the Christmas and New Year period.
Ongoing training and development opportunities.
A friendly environment of dedicated and passionate co-workers.
Discounted gym membership.
A genuine opportunity to make a difference in the Maitland-Newcastle Community.
What you will need (essential):
Postgraduate or progression towards postgraduate qualifications in IT Management, Business Analysis or IT Project Management; or extensive
relevant experience within a diverse Information Technology environment, or an equivalent combination of relevant and education/training.
Proven experience in managing the delivery of IT infrastructure and network requirements across multiple projects, within a medium to large
enterprise.
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, with a proven ability to liaise effectively with colleagues, leadership and stakeholders.
Strong negotiating and influencing skills and an ability to explain technical concepts to non-technical people and vice versa.
Demonstrate a working knowledge of project governance methodologies including but not limited to cost, scope, risk, issue and quality
management along with the relevant reporting principals.
Excellent problem-solving and multitasking skills, with the ability to work well under pressure and within tight timelines.
A current NSW driver licence.
What you may have (desirable):
Previous experience in managing and/or executing the delivery of IT infrastructure and network requirements for large capital works projects.
Including the ability to channel infrastructure standards and stakeholder requirements into architectural, electrical and data designs and ultimately
the finished product.
A good understanding of the capital works project lifecycle
Possession of a Project Management certification such as PRINCE 2 or PMBOK.
Possession of an IT Service Management certification such as ITIL V3.

For more information about the role, including the position description, visit: 

or contact the Service Delivery Manager - Technology Services, Peter Hanlan on 02 4979 1306.
To Apply:

Please submit your application using the “Apply Now” option within our vacancies website 