Senior Analyst Programmer
About the company
the leading independent provider of trusted data and analytics
products and services in Australia and New Zealand. The company is
headquartered in Melbourne with offices in all major metropolitan cities
across Australia and New Zealand. Our team of more than 900 work
with leading brands in our region to bring data & analytics to life.
We currently have an exciting opportunity for a passionate and
energetic Senior Analyst Programmer to join our team. This is a
fantastic opportunity for anyone who is looking to increase their skill
set and advance their career with a large organisation.
About the role
Our data is our most important asset and our Technology team are in
charge of making sure it is safe and protected. In addition, they
provide technical support to internal and external stakeholders and
work in collaboration with other business units to build and develop
new products.
The Senior Analyst Programmer will participate in the design phase of
software projects as well as assist in planning and creating standards
for the team. The implementation of projects is also a responsibility of
the Senior Analyst Programmer and will require the administration,
coding and testing of the system.
Duties
Gather and analyze information for designing a business solution,
create the conceptual design for a business solution, design the
presentation and data layers of an application;
Assist in the creation of functional and technical specification
documents, create a technical specifications document, create a
test plan, and create a deployment plan;
Participate in the formation of the project requirements covering
areas such as business requirements, user interface requirements
and enhancement documentation;
Develop a software solution based on client technical requirements
and conduct thorough testing before implementation;
Skills & Experience
Demonstrated Knowledge of:
C# and the .net framework version 4+;
HTML user interface knowledge and design principles, including
HTML5 standards, Javascript and JQuery and basic user
experience understanding;
Software Development Life cycle;
SQL Server and Oracle databases and database concepts;
Agile and SCRUM development processes.
Demonstrated ability to:
Analyse business requirements and needs, converting them into a
technical solution;
Work within specifications and to timeframes;
Identify problems, design solutions, analyse existing code;
Analyse data and develop logical solutions to problems.
Culture
we are always seeking innovative and forward-thinking
individuals to join us on our journey. Our culture is unique. It's fast,
results-driven and dynamic. It's certainly not for everyone. But if you
thrive in a high performing environment - This company could be for you!
Benefits
Feel good in the workplace - Australia and NZ wide wellness
program to foster positive health & wellbeing for all employees;
Leadership Development Programs - build your skillset and become
a future leader;
I'm worth Program - be rewarded for your hard work and
dedication.
How to Apply
To apply, please click "Apply Now" button and we will be in touch
shortly.
To be considered for this position, you must be an Australian/NZ
Citizen or have a Permanent Residency visa.