One of our premium clients based in Brisbane is looking for a highly
experienced and committed Business / Systems Analyst. The role is
to deliver significant systems integration work, our client is seeking a
high-quality Business / Systems Analyst to assist in directly
supporting these initiatives In this role you will be given the
opportunity to make a tangible contribution to the continued
innovation and success of the company.
Have, or the ability to obtain an AFP Negative Vetting Level 1
Security Clearance.
Australian Citizens need only apply.
Responsibilities
Gap analysis, future state capability modelling and service
improvement implementation
Integration specification documentation including system
specifications
Business process identification, modelling and improvement
Requirements elicitation and facilitating workshops
Produce functional and non-functional specifications, use cases
and scenarios
Analyse and map business processes, user pathways and
information flows
Translation of business process to BPMN
Manage business stakeholders and acting as a conduit between
business and the program team
Work effectively in a small team environment;
Provide knowledge/skills transfer to other team members; and
Record and maintain files/information in accordance with our client
requirements.
Mandatory
Demonstrated Business/Systems Analyst Experience in a complex
IT environment
Demonstrated experience and ability to deal with nontechnical an
technical business representatives
Demonstrated experience of working with the AGILE methodology
in a program project environment
Highly Desirable
Demonstrated Experience working with the ServiceNow
Well-developed analytical and conceptual skills that translate into
a IT systems framework
Experience in using Sparx software for BA model depiction and
documentation
Knowledge and experience in recording and collecting detailed
business rules and documentation
Modis is a national professional services company with global
capability. Our committed and talented professionals have delivered
world class IT and business consulting services across a wide range
of industries. As a member of global professional services group
Adecco, we offer world-class employment opportunities.
Talented, committed, can-do individuals have always been the
cornerstone of this dynamic business. It is expected that the
successful candidate will bring energetic dynamics and a strong
Business / Systems Analyst skill set to this organisation.
Due to new privacy laws regarding the collection and handling of
personal information, all applications must be submitted online. Once
you click on the apply for this job button below you will be directed
to our Online Centre where you will have the opportunity to read and
agree to our Privacy and Collection statements and it will allow your
details to be formally lodged and processed correctly.
Modis is an Equal Opportunity employer, committed to all forms of
workforce inclusion. We actively invite and encourage applications by
candidates from diverse backgrounds