Are you looking for an exciting opportunity to transform our General Practice and contribute to our purpose of providing "Outstanding
health care for life"
Reporting to the General Manager the Business Systems Analyst and IT Support role is responsible for the overall management and leadership of the
IT support function. To create and maintain an environment that is scalable with Central Medical Groups strategic needs. The role will be responsible to
plan, design, maintain and troubleshoot all IT and application requirements. Based in Wodonga, this is a permanent opportunity with good career
prospects for a Support Analyst with strong skills in technical support and application development. Your primary responsibility is to provide excellent
customer service. This includes resolving issues, troubleshooting, training customers on functionality of the software, and building good long-lasting
relationships.
Skills and experience required for success:
Bachelor's degree or demonstrated experience
Strong SQL skills.
3+ years’ experience supporting customers and resolving technical issues via phone and email
Detailed knowledge/use of Microsoft Office 365 products including Sharepoint and Teams.
Excellent listing skills, communication and interpersonal skills with a focus on building rapport with your customer base
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, experience documenting technical issues and resolutions and sharing information across the team
Ability to quickly learn technology including software, hardware, data and networking
Strong sense of accountability to ensure follow-through to complete tickets and keep all stakeholders updated through the process
Microsoft operating system skills and programming languages skills
General Practice industry experience desirable
Our expectations:
Be dedicated to upholding our values of respect, continuity, honesty and accountability, inclusion, financial security and opportunity and quality and
innovation.
Professional appearance and demeanor
a strong sense of personal drive and initiative
Highly developed problem solving skills
Excellent organisational skills and the ability to manage multiple priorities simultaneously
Demonstrated ability to work autonomously and as part of a multidisciplinary team environment.