Adelaide
Full Time
Information & Communication Technology, Business/Systems Analysts

Our talented Information Technology team champions the way we use technology to empower our people to deliver and enhance both business and
customer outcomes. This is achieved through our digital capabilities which are reliable and sustainable for today and the future.
As a competent Senior Applications Services Specialist, you will oversee and drive change within our Data Intelligence and Integration technologies.
You will manage our BI platform containing a suite of Business Intelligence applications, a mixture of on premises and cloud solutions and lead an
external vendor support engagement utilising operational budget to support deliverables.
Your responsibilities in this role include:
Generate and maintain service life-cycles and road maps for managed platforms and applications
Ensuring new/project applications work is sound in architecture/service design and sustainable
Deliver expert applications management by enhancing and monitoring our platforms and applications
Process incidents, service requests, problems and change work in accordance with SLAs and project commitments
Apply standard processes to manage work e.g. ITIL, IT Service Continuity and IT security adherence
Contract performance management and negotiations, achieving value for money from vendor engagements
Establish and maintain effective stakeholder relationships
Your success in this role will come from:
Tertiary qualifications in computer science, engineering or management or equivalent demonstrable experience
Solid foundation of managing and providing applications management support and development using industry standard processes e.g. ITIL within
a corporate environment
Advanced analytical skills, conceptual thinking and issue resolution
Proven ability to negotiate and influence in a large enterprise
Exceptional stakeholder engagement and strong interpersonal skills
Supportive people management and leadership capabilities
This full time role will appeal to a collaborative Senior Application Services Specialist who thrives working within a diverse and customer-centric team,
filled with passionate and self-motivated people. At this company, fresh thinking is valued and innovation is embraced to enable our people, practices and
technologies to deliver exceptional solutions.
Further information can be found in the attached PD: Senior Applications Services Specialist.pdf
To apply, click ‘apply’ and submit your cover letter and resume. Applications close 9.00 am Monday 1 June 2020.
We believe great outcomes for our customers are best delivered by a diverse and inclusive team that reflects our community. That's why we encourage
people seeking flexible working arrangements and from all backgrounds, including Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islanders, to apply and join our team.