An opportunity exists to join a software development team with a rapidly expanding suite of web-based software products.
As a talented Business Analyst, you will be independent and self-motivated, capable of working both by yourself and in our friendly, multicultural team.

Responsibilities
Advanced experience in Business analysis, consultation and facilitation
Agile and advanced documentation skills.
Confidence to engage stakeholders at various levels; from senior business leaders to technical teams.
Exceptional stakeholder management skills; ability to influence and be the trusted advisor.
Solid depth and understanding of all areas of business analysis. Ability to take full responsibility for own work with little supervision.
Ability to change direction and approach when business priorities change or move.
Plan and undertake software upgrades and roll outs.
Self-motivated individual that actively takes the initiative with an ability to work autonomously.
Experience across UAT and understanding defect management with testing units and vendor.
Comfortable having new subject matter thrown at them and the ability to understand it very quickly.
Participate in Business Hours support with occasional extra hours to support and manage applications.

Education and Experience
Appropriate tertiary qualifications.
5+ years’ experience as a business analyst.

Key Requirements
Excellent Problem Solving/ Analytical Skills.
Excellent communication skills (interpersonal, intercultural, written and verbal) and superior client relation skills.
Knowledge of general application architecture, databases and basic technical skills.
Ability to write clear and concise documentation and software requirements including user stories and acceptance criteria
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.
Demonstrate ability to work and meet deadlines.
A commitment to quality standards and customer service.
The ability to assist business personnel & end users with technical problems.

Please only apply if you are physically located in Melbourne and have the right to work in Australia.

No recruiters please.

The application form will include these questions:
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
How many years' experience do you have in a business analyst (BA) role?
What's your expected annual base salary?