Technical Business Analyst Lead
Who are we?
We're a custom web and software development company based in
Sydney. We help our clients succeed by identifying opportunities and
delivering solutions that people love to use.
Our award-winning culture has attracted a team of strategists,
designers, and developers committed to lifelong learning, who want to
work with the best in the industry.

What are we looking for?
We’re looking for a technical strong people leader who is still hands-on.
The opportunity provides exposure to a broad range of technologies, as
we produce high-quality solutions for our various clients across multiple
industries.

You will take the lead role in gathering business & user requirements
from the necessary parties, documenting these requirements into
specifications, user stories, and acceptance criteria.

This individual will apply proven communication, analytical, and
problem-solving skills to help maximise the benefit of our client's
investments.

What your day will look like:
Meet with decision-makers, systems owners, and end-users to
identify and resolve web-page issues
Lead design sessions in prototyping new pages for the purpose of
enhancing the overall websites
Uncover and document all functional and non-functional requirements
Document user journeys and break down project features into
detailed epics and user stories
Assist in the general improvement of the BA process via the BA
Chapter
Identify and establish scope and parameters of projects in order to
define outcome criteria and measure-taking actions
Collaborate in the planning, design, development, and deployment of
new applications, and enhancements to existing applications
Conduct research to justify recommendations and to support
changes. Perform cost-benefit and return on investment analyses for
proposed systems to aid management in making implementation
decisions
Coordinate and perform in-depth tests, including end-user reviews, for
modified and new websites, and other post-implementation support
Provide guidance and leadership to your growing team.

You will thrive in this role if you have:
Proven ability to gather, model and document business and functional
requirements
Experience in creating specifications expressed as user stories, use
cases, contextual and visual diagrams, and technical scopes
3+ years as a people leader of in addition to core role responsibilities
Experience working in a client-facing environment
Experience delivering projects on time and budget
Excellent understanding of the organisation's goals and objectives.
Excellent analytical, mathematical, and creative problem-solving
skills.
Bonus points for:
Excellent understanding of the organisation's goals and objectives.
Experience in a Scrum Master role, and/or fundamental
understanding of Agile principles and ceremonies would be highly
regarded for this position.
Ability to communicate ideas in both technical and user-friendly
language.
Highly self-motivated and directed. Ability to effectively prioritise and
execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
Strong customer service orientation.
Experience working in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.

Perks of being apart of the team:
Apart from good vibes, when you join the team you’ll also enjoy:
Our profit share program, when we profit so do you.
Fun team-building experiences.
And once we are back in the office:
Free breakfast, fruit, and coffees.
Heaps of social events, plus Friday drinks.