Your focus will be to develop integration solutions to achieve end-to-end
delivery of software solutions that may cross multiple network service
provisioning and service assurance systems. Solutions could include
developing new systems in-house or using COTs products, in either
case you will be responsible for providing technical leadership to project.
Your success will come from your ability to work across divisions,
business units and teams, building strong working relationships with
peers across the business and working collaboratively to deliver
customer focused solutions. You will be expected to understand and
follow project methodology, by delivering BAU changes, enhancements
and configuration change solutions that are technically sound.
Skiils/Main accountabilities and activities of the role includes:
• Liaise with business and business analyst to understand the
requirements and translate them into a technial spec including providing
input into Hardware, Operating Systems (Unix, Linux & Windows) ,
databases (Solid DB, Oracle, Sybase, MySQL) designs.
• Provide technical leadership on projects, guiding developers,
performing code reviews and ensuring the quality of solutions being
implemented.
• Solid understanding of enterprise open source technologies such as
JBoss Application Server, Messaging systems, rules and business
process engines, modern web application frameworks such as HTML5,
JavaScript MVC frameworks, CSS and technologies such as
REST/SOAP, Oracle PL/SQL, MySQL, mobile development in iOS,
Android and SDLC/RAD/Agile Methodology
• Work with Project Managers, Business Analysts, other Solution
designers & Architects to deliver large projects.
• Provide input into Architecture road maps, working with IT and
Networks architects and Solution designers.
• Define the testing scope and strategy. Review the documents, verify
the test cases and results, automation of testing by the development
team to improve the overall quality of systems/code.
• Technical expertise support for services as well as vendor liaison
regarding both problems and future enhancements. Provide support to
operations during major incidents.
• Review, update and approve of all technical related systems
documentation using an approved repository and process.
• Provide assistance to operations on Root Cause Analysis on major and
repetitive faults as requested by operations. This can include working
with vendors / users.
• Performance and capacity monitoring
• Maintain a customer focused mindset
• Oversee and provide leadership to vendor provided resources on
projects and activities; this can include both onshore & offshore
resources.