About the role
This role is responsible for consulting with customers and internal globally-dispersed technology teams to create solution designs based on customer
business requirements. The role has technical oversight of software solutions during the SDLC process and within the context of innovation and PoC
activities. In addition, you will be a contributor to new enterprise-wide integration projects. This role is based in Melbourne CBD and is full-time and
permanent.
Key responsibilities include:
Consult with and articulate architectural design and patters to stakeholders (both internal and external)
Hands-on programming – code Proof of Concepts and implement architectural designs
Architect new solutions within a public cloud environment, leveraging tools and services to achieve a best of breed solution
Focus on cost optimisation and application efficiency running on cloud infrastructure
Provide input into the overall innovation and technical pipeline in tight collaboration with our product roadmap and business goals
Create technical documentation and related knowledge assets
Work within a SAFe (Scaled Agile Framework) release train, promotion design and engineering practices through the portfolio
Recommend paths for development and delivery of technology stacks.

Salary package
This role’s salary package includes a base salary range between $120,000 to $140,000 plus superannuation and bonus.

About you
The ideal candidate possesses:
Demonstrable programming expertise in various programming languages, in particular: ASP, ASP.NET, SQL, C#, Javascript, MVC
Strong experience in Azure tools and services, Cloud architecture, refactoring applications to leverage cloud services, and optimise hosting and
running costs of applications
The willingness to be hands on (on the tools and in the code) in order to successfully deliver the outcomes of this role
Experience re-architecting legacy products and monolithic applications into modularised service-based architecture (advantageous)
A degree qualification (ideally in Computer Science or Systems Analysis – desirable)

Strong communication and influencing skills, with the ability to articulate architectural design and patterns to customers both internal and external.

About us
Tax software is one of the most rapidly growing tech sectors Australia-wide, and our team reflects this fast-evolving landscape – we are a fun and
dynamic group. In APAC, the Enterprise Software segment operates like a small, agile business within the wider global enterprise of Wolters Kluwer.
Think tax is boring? Not here.

About our values

We are a company that lives and breathes its values: Focus on Customer Success, Make it Better, Aim High & Deliver and Win as a Team. We believe
in promoting and developing our people, and provide a suite of benefits to make your life easier both at work and play.
We pride ourselves on our culture, which promotes inclusion, accessibility and flexible working arrangements. You can learn more about what we do by
visiting our website: www.wolterskluwer.cch.com.au