Reporting to the Demand Manager, you will lead the design of the
integrated electronic medical record (ieMR) solution for projects as
approved. You will be working with end-users, multi-disciplinary teams
and vendors to deliver large-scale, mission-critical solutions based on
commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) software.
Your solutions will support complex workflows across tens of thousands
of users and multiple Hospital and Health Services. These roles are not
just about technology and infrastructure. They are about solving
business problems in complex environments using large-scale, COTS
software products, as well as multiple integrations to a variety of
systems.
You will identify design concerns and options, assess and select options
based on alignment to end-user needs and architectural goals, guide
implementers in building the design, build consensus around design
choices, and document the design and design decisions.
You will also scope out proposals for new work, and provide order of
magnitude estimates of costs and the resources required for delivery.
You will contribute to the development of the architectural direction for
ieMR, and to transfer of knowledge to and upskilling of internal solution
architects.
Are you right for this role?
To secure this opportunity you will ideally have at least five years of
experience working as a solution architect. You will have proven
experience designing for large-scale, complex, mission-critical systems
based on commercial-off-the-shelf software (COTS) packages, including
highly interfaced environments.
You will be a hands-on architect, who has been focused on delivering
designs rather than on managing the design efforts of others. The
practice of solution architecture will come naturally to you, and you will

be able to run the design process end-to-end without needing to be
directed.
You will have been responsible for engaging with clients and vendors to
ensure that your designs are fit-for-purpose, and can be effectively and
efficiently delivered on the software platform. You will be adept at
presenting technical ideas and concepts to a range of stakeholders.

Additionally, you will have demonstrable experience of delivering end-to-
end designs.

Essential Criteria:
Knowledge and experience with Cerner Millennium
Knowledge and experience with the interfacing and integration
features of Cerner Millennium
Experience with the design and document of integration architectures
required to support systems integrations, especially medical imaging
and/or outpatient queue management systems.
Desirable Criteria:
Knowledge and experience in Healthcare
Knowledge and experience with Cerner Millennium as it is configured
for QH as an ieMR
Professional and tertiary level qualifications in ICT, systems
engineering or similar
Benefits of working with eHealth Queensland:
By joining eHealth Queensland you will work within a fast-paced,
challenging and supportive environment where every employee plays a
critical role in our ongoing success.
You will enjoy a variety of benefits, including:
Competitive salary + generous superannuation and leave loading
Flexible working arrangements
Diverse work culture
Career training and development