Microsoft - Developer Programmer
Technologies is a software consulting and services company offering its Business and IT application services across various clients in
Australia. It is a company which believes in employee's strengths and values to make a promising company.

Technologies, Australia is hiring a experienced developer in Microsoft .NET, SQL BI, MS Dynamics Enterprise technologies to work at
Sydney for a contract period of 12 months with a possible extension.

Position: Microsoft Developer / Programmer - Dot NET (Windows & WEB), SQL BI, MS Dynamics 365 CRM, NAV, WPF, Azure, JQuery, Node.Js,
Knockout JS and Integration with Hardware devices

About the Role:
We are looking for a full-time contract developer who has enough experience to do requirement / scope analysis, Solution Analysis, Technical design,
develop the code as per the technical specifications and architecture, implement and maintain suite of applications in Microsoft Windows, Enterprise
and web technologies. Simultaneously, the legacy applications are also to be supported along with porting and migrating into new technologies in
Microsoft. It requires client interaction and support as well.

Essential Experience & Skills:
More than 10 years of Windows, & Web application development experience
Experience on working Enterprise web applications, ERP systems and integration with other in-house systems
Ability to write and maintain web and windows related software projects to meet system requirements, design and technical specifications
Working experience in Microsoft Web & Windows development products, platforms and architecture
Working experience in integrating and interacting with hardware devices with the given standard protocols
Understand the legacy Microsoft application to further support and maintain
Experience in migrating legacy applications to new Microsoft Systems
Test, debug, diagnose and bug fixing with testing guidelines and quality standards ensuring programs and applications perform to business
specifications;
To analyse the existing technologies and tools for its efficiency and limitations for scalability and performance. Modify the necessary features and
frameworks to achieve business goals
Working with Business Analysts and network administrators to deploy and maintain enterprise web applications
Experience in C#, ASP.NET, Entity framework 5, Web forms, Web API, Dependency injection, and Microsoft SQL Server 2010-2012 is essential
Experience in Microsoft Dynamics 365, CRM, NAV and its integration with other systems is highly essential
Experience in developing complex Stored Procedures using T-SQL is essential
Experience in complex reports writing using SSIS, SSRS and deploying through web portal
Experience with MVC4, AJAX, Node.js, WPF, Java script, jQuery are optional
Experience working in Energy Management & Procurement industry is essential
Experience working in Microsoft Azure and Service Fabric architecture

Key Responsibilities:
Participate in research, solution design, Develop the software, evaluation and system configuration activities to ensure the requirements are met.
Individually responsible for the whole system design, development and maintenance.
Help and interface with customers for preparing technical proposals, giving guidance and offer right strategies and software design. Assist in
costing of the tools and systems involved.
Develop system design documents, technical documents and testing materials.
Ensure consultation with relevant business stakeholders regarding key information.
Strong focus on time management to deliver quality solutions within stipulated time
Strictly responsible for delivery timelines set by client
Maintain the existing system and migrate new technologies
Interface with customers with industry knowledge and working experience

The selected candidates should be able to start immediately or at the earliest.
Salary: $ 94,000 Plus Super