Scientific Programmer

is an integrated multi-disciplinary research institute bringing
together the skills of world-class researchers in the areas of
bioengineering and nanotechnology.
seeks to deliver innovative solutions to society's problems through
sustainable materials, healthy living and translational success. Our
research is underpinned by AIBN's Five Pillars of Research, which cover
stem cell ageing and regenerative engineering, precision nanomedicine,
advanced materials, agriculture nanotechnology and advanced
biomanufacturing. These pillars focus research efforts on
developing new products, processes and devices for improving human
health, the environment and quality of life. In this way, the Institute goes
beyond basic research to promote and develop the growth of innovative
industries, which will benefit Queensland and Australian economies.
About This Opportunity
Form a critical part of a team aiming to develop a better understanding
of nonequilibrium systems through theory development, simulation and
study of various nonequilibrium systems. Your role will include assisting
with developing, optimizing and implementing state-of-the-art, high
performance molecular dynamics simulation algorithms in C/C++ and
Fortran or other languages. This will be in addition to, but not limited to:
leading code development activities in the group including developing
requirements, interface specifications and test plans for software
validation and verification
debug programs and subroutines
Compile and evaluate test data, prepare technical analyses and
documentation, recommend methods and processes required to meet
design objectives for new or improved codes and/or processes
Assist dissemination of computer code
Collaborate effectively with group members to meet our research
project objectives
Collaborate with local, national and international research partners
This position is located at our picturesque St Lucia campus, renowned
as one of Australia’s most attractive university campuses, and located
just 7km from Brisbane’s city centre. Bounded by the Brisbane River on
three sides, and with outstanding public transport connections, our 114-
hectare site provides a perfect work environment – you can enjoy the
best of both worlds: a vibrant campus with the tradition of an established
university.
Our Ideal Candidate
As a critical member to the group, you will require a high level of
demonstrated ability in scientific programming in addition to proven
ability to work with different data structures and to evaluate code for
accuracy and performance. As an integral member of the team it will be
highly advantageous that you possess excellent communication skills
and interpersonal skills with ability to work well in a team and to
contribute to development of a collaborative and supportive research
environment.
A Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering,
Physics, Computational Chemistry, Applied Mathematics or equivalent is
a requirement for this position accompanied by the following skills,
experience and knowledge in:
C, C++ and Fortran
Python
UNIX
Shell scripting
Computationally focused high-level languages such as MATLAB,
Mathematica, etc.
Parallel programming of large distributed memory high-performance
computers outside of a classroom/senior project setting using the
Message Passing Interface (MPI) or similar
Translating physics equations into software implementations
You must have ongoing unrestricted work rights in Australia to apply for
this opportunity.
We value diversity and inclusion, and actively encourage applications
from those who bring diversity to the University. Our Diversity and
Inclusion webpage contains further information if you require additional
support. Accessibility requirements and/or adjustments can be directed
to 
What We Can Offer
This is a full-time, fixed term position for up to 5 years at Professional
Level 06.
The full-time equivalent base salary will be in the range $79,200.25 -
$85,067.08, plus super of up to 17%.
You will be able to take advantage of Sport Facilities, recreation
leave loading, salary sacrificing options, on-campus childcare,
discounted private health insurance, cheap parking, development
programs and many other benefits.
For further information, please review
Position Description
Questions?
To discuss this role please contact
For application queries, please contact stating
the job number in the subject line.
Want to Apply?
To submit an application for this role, use the apply button. All applicants
must supply the following documents:
Cover letter addressing key selection criteria
Resume
To satisfy pre-requisite questions and ensure your application can be
considered in full, all candidates must apply via the portal by
the job closing deadline. Applications received via other channels
including direct email will not be accepted.