Who are we?
is an Australian owned award-winning independent ICT
recruitment company that currently supplies to many of the country's
largest banks, telecommunications, commercial and State and Federal
Government organisations. has offices in Sydney, Melbourne,
Brisbane, Canberra, Adelaide, Perth, Auckland and Wellington.

The Role
A large Federal Government agency is looking to expand their team with a highly experienced Cold Fusion Developer to join a small multi-
disciplinary team with a main task of developing software on the waterfall-based methodology. The successful candidate will be required
to Developer software applications to meet the requires from all
stakeholders, to support projects and programs using ColdFusion. You
will develop bespoke ICT applications while also implementation and
embedding of commercial off the shelf collaboration and office
productivity technologies.
Main Responsibilities
The successful applicant will be responsible for the following:
Develop software application in ColdFusion
Manage effective and productive stakeholder relationships and
associated risks
Develop and Deliver and agreed work plan including KPI’s and
outcomes
Undertake Knowledge and skills transfer, including documentation
Requirements
To be successful in this position, you will have extensive experience in
analysis and design, development, enhancement and support of
ColdFusion based applications coupled with a good understanding of
Oracle Database. You will have a proven track record of detailed
development effort estimations to business areas for system request
changes and development of new components. You will be a team
player with the ability to work unsupervised, with strong communication
skills both written and verbal. As this role is with the Australian
Government a minimum Baseline security clearance is a must.
What’s next?
If you think you are the right fit for this opportunity, please hit the apply
button or email your resume to be considered
for this position.