Full Stack Developer

This is a fantastic opportunity to join a global animal health
technology company dedicated to delivering better outcomes
for vets, farmers and pet owners.
Full-time, permanent role based in Newcastle; great culture
and benefits!

Join a large successful technology business committed to
transforming the Veterinary Industry as a full stack developer
building modern web and mobile applications in the Microsoft
Technology Stack.
You will be responsible for:
Engaging with the wider team to design new solutions and
the extension of existing solutions
Contributing to the design and architecture of our web and
mobile apps
Writing clear well-structured code and documentation
Designing and implementing clean, responsive front ends
Leading projects, managing timelines and deliverable
Mentoring the less experienced developers in the team
Provide training and assistance to support and sales staff on
the configuration and usage of Provet software.

To be successful in this role, you’ll need:
Tertiary Qualification in Information Technology or equivalent.
5 years or more experience developing web applications via
Microsoft MVC using C#.
Extensive experience in all aspects of System Development
Life Cycle.
Strong knowledge of HTML and JavaScript.
Experience with MS SQL Server.
High attention to detail.
Able to work independently and part of a team.
Australia’s #1 job site

25/06/2020 Full Stack Developer Job in Newcastle, Maitland & Hunter - SEEK

https://www.seek.com.au/job/50142921?type=standout#searchRequestToken=cc885ca5-0004-4c1d-83bf-785601239f1a 2/2

Excellent verbal and written communication skills.
Customer and solutions focused.

Interested? Applications close 12:00pm on 8 July 2020

About Us
Our mission is to provide the best products, services and
technology to animal health practitioners across the globe so
they can deliver exceptional care to their patients when and
where it is needed.
Provet, a Covetrus company, is Australasia’s leading veterinary
distributor. We supply a large range of biological,
pharmaceutical, disposable and food products to animal health
practitioners. Provet also offers a suite of value-added business
solutions including inventory management and practice
management software, training targeted to growing the technical
capabilities of vets and consulting services to enhance practice
management.

Why Join Us?
At Covetrus, we’re proud of our family friendly culture and
respectful workplace. We embrace diversity in our workforce
and encourage applications from like-minded persons from all
walks of life.
Covetrus team members participate in a fantastic benefits
program, giving them access to huge savings on animal health
products (including exclusive food brands, enrichment products
and litter), discounts at a wide range of retailers and on telecom,
health care and insurance plans; annual volunteer days and free
counselling services via our Employee Assistance program.