Automation Specialist
Helping customers at all stages on their journey to automation
maturity
Competitive Salary
Career Development Opportunities
AccessHQ, a Dialog Group company, is looking for Automation
Consultants in Sydney.
DevOps is transforming the way in which organisations develop
and deploy applications and services. Automation underpins
and enables DevOps to manage and provision infrastructure and
test, deploy and monitor applications throughout Continuous
Integration and Continuous Delivery pipelines, but it's not just
about technology, it's about mindset and culture and having the
right people to collaborate and break down traditional silos.
AccessHQ and our clients are evolving the way we work. By
combining our focus on customer experience and the DevOps
mantra of 'Automate Everything' we are redefining 'Continuous
Quality' and we need smart, passionate, enthusiastic people to
work with us and help our customers go on a journey from old
school systems and automation to modern thinking.
If you love helping customers in their journey to automation
maturity, this could be the job for you!
Skills and Experience Required
You will have a proven track record in software development,
software quality or automation roles and a passion for working in
collaborative Agile teams and solving quality issues at all stages
of the SDLC.
Some of the skills which will make you stand out from the rest:
Demonstrable experience in Developer, SDET and Automation
Engineer type roles
Hands o n experience writing OOP code in Java, C#, Python,
JavaScript etc.
Experience working with GUI, Web, Web Services and Mobile
applications
Best practice Test Automation with tools such as
Junit, TestNG, MSTest, NUnit, XUnit, Jest, Mocha etc.
Selenium WebDriver, Appium, Protractor, Puppeteer
Cucumber, SpecFlow, JBehave, Robot Framework
SoapUI, Postman, REST-Assured, Karate
Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery with one or
more of the following:
Jenkins
Bamboo
CircleCI
Azure Pipelines
Experience with IAC, Containers and Configuration
Management tools such as:
Docker, Kubernetes, ECS, EKS
Chef, Puppet, Terraform, Cloud Formation, Azure ARM
Previous experience working in a consulting environment and
an understanding of the commercial aspects of consulting
Understanding that no all customers are using the latest tools
and techniques
Great stakeholder management skills
Ability to build relationships with people from all areas of the
organisation
A genuine interest in building capability in junior consultants.
Working with AccessHQ:
Delivering assurance and testing solutions so clients think of
AccessHQ as a trusted partner
Working closely with AccessHQ's account teams to build
business and improve relationships
Improving business goals, services and processes;
differentiating AccessHQ
Supporting the Human Quality vision with creative thinking
Who are we?
AccessHQ is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Dialog Group of
companies. Dialog is Australia's largest privately-owned IT
Services group, operating across the Asia-Pacific region.
Employing more than 1,200 dedicated consultants, Dialog's focus
is on delivering outstanding results to its many corporate and
government clients.
AccessHQ has over 20 years' experience in the assurance and
testing space and is passionate about making technology live up
to its promise. We believe that technology is an enabler for
people to work, connect and learn. It's all about people, and too
often we are forgotten in the excitement of technology
development. AccessHQ is the voice of the people who use
technology; whether we are customers, students, employees or
citizens we're all human and all technology should have Human
Quality.
Ready to apply?
Applicants must be Australian or NZ citizens or have a valid work
permit.
To apply please attach your CV and cover letter to this
application. If you have a public Git repository with examples
of your work, please provide details in your CV or cover
letter.
All applications will be treated in the strictest confidence. Dialog
Group is an equal opportunity employer.
