Join our growing team
Work with a range of clients and projects
Permanent Full-Time/Contract opportunity based in Melbourne
CBD working remotely
AccessHQ, a Dialog Group company, is looking for a Software
Automation expert in Melbourne.
The Role - Skills and experience required:
Experience building Automation and DevOps strategies and
plans to create an effective automation capability at a project
level and implementing these strategies to demonstrate
business value to our customers
Demonstrable experience in Developer, SDET and Automation
Engineer type roles writing OOP code in Java, C#, Python,
JavaScript etc.
Experience working with GUI, Web, Web Services and Mobile
application
Best practice Test Automation with tools such as
Junit, TestNG, MSTest, NUnit, XUnit, Jest, Mocha etc.
Selenium WebDriver, Appium, Protractor, Puppeteer
Cucumber, SpecFlow, JBehave, Robot Framework
SoapUI, Postman, REST-Assured, Karate
Continuous Integration and Continuous Delivery with one or
more of the following:
Jenkins, Bamboo, CircleCI, Azure Pipelines
Working with AccessHQ:
Delivering assurance and testing solutions so clients think of
AccessHQ as a trusted partner
Working closely with AccessHQ's account teams to build
business and improve relationships
Improving business goals, services and processes;
differentiating AccessHQ
Supporting the Human Quality vision with creative thinking
The Rewards:
Working with an assurance and testing consultancy that is
challenging the industry to think in new and positive ways about
quality. Collaborating with outstanding colleagues on projects
which provide great opportunities for career growth. Earning a
market competitive salary, being recognised for great work,
mentoring and supporting team members. Supporting high profile
clients and achieving their quality expectations and aspirations.
AccessHQ and Dialog Group
AccessHQ has over 20 years' experience in assurance and
testing and is passionate about making technology live up to its
promise. Technology enables us to work, connect and learn.
AccessHQ is the voice of people using technology - customers,
students, employees...presenting the face of Human Quality.
AccessHQ is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Dialog Group of
companies. Dialog is Australia's largest privately-owned IT
Services group, operating across the Asia-Pacific region.
Employing more than 1,200 dedicated consultants, Dialog's focus
is on delivering outstanding results to its many corporate and
government clients.
Applicants must be Australian or NZ citizens or have a valid work
permit.
Click the button below to apply or go to the website above for
more opportunities like this. If you want more information on the
key attributes we look for when assessing applicants go
to www.accesshq.com/careers
All applications will be treated in the strictest confidence. Dialog
Group is an equal opportunity employer.
