Test Engineer

Netstrata is a privately owned, award winning specialist Strata, Building
Management, Committee and Community Title management
organisation. We not only develop our own Strata Management software
platform for our internal use, but we also provide Strata Management
software solutions for others in our industry.
Come and join our established software development team that
uses best practice tools, software and delivery methodologies. This
extremely exciting and diverse opportunity will see you lead the quality
and testing initiatives across both the legacy Strata Management
platform and its brand new ASP.Net Core replacement. This is also a
role that will suit somebody that aspires to move into the space of BA
and take on these responsibilities, being mentored by a Product and
Delivery Lead who is passionate about developing their team.
Your key responsibilities include:
Contribute to creation and refinement of user stories.
Design, create, execute, analyse manual and automated tests .
Initiate and execute regression testing where required.
Able to create and define a test approach for any given context
Applying industry best practice test methods
Raise issues associated with feature development back to
development team and also assisting with post implementation issue
management.
Partner with the development team to plan and manage quality
control throughout all delivery phases, to ensure all project
milestones and quality standards are met.
Work collaboratively with stakeholders to develop an understanding
of the business.
Develop and maintain essential working relationships with key
internal stakeholders.
As needed gather, analyse and document business requirements.
Support training and implementation activities to ensure the
successful delivery.
The skills and experience we require:
At least 5 years’ experience with both manual and automated testing
Ideally to have 1 years’ exposure to Business Analyst
responsibilities and/or is keen to take on BA responsibilities in the
future
Experience working in an Agile and CI/CD environment
Experience with tools including Jira, Confluence, Bitbucket, Bamboo
Excellent verbal and written communication skills
A problem solver who is solutions focused
Previous experience with accounting systems/background highly
desirable
Specialist certifications in QA/Testing desirable
If this sounds like you click "Apply Now"
