The Company

We are a technology firm that focuses on financial services and education. As the Testing Analyst, you will be responsible for creating and documenting
Test Strategies, Test Plans, Test Scripts, Test reporting, Test Designs (Test Cases and Test Data) and Test Execution Results. This unique role offers
you the opportunity to be part of a new team for both new and existing projects.
The Role
You will be responsible for developing and implementing testing solutions for new and existing projects. This role involves designing and improving
methodologies to ensure systems can be migrated from a development environment through to implementation.
You will be responsible for ensuring the implementation of testing methods align with best practice testing frameworks which encompass strategies,
policies, processes, templates, tools and standards. This will include testing in agile projects and using manual and automation tools. You will provide

advice and recommendations on all aspects of test planning and execution, review technical and business design requirements, and define the risk-
based and requirements-based testing scope to ensure the solution is fit for purpose.

Experience Required
The successful candidate will have previous testing experience developing project test strategies, test products and test cases within a medium to the
large project environment. Also with the following attributes.
3 - 5 years' experience in agile software QA and testing
Strong knowledge of writing test cases.
Strong analytical skills
Design and execute reusable test procedures, cases and scripts.
Ability to acquire business knowledge of various business applications by utilising test plans.
Apply test techniques and processes for the planning, design, preparation and execution of tests.
Ensure all allocated test cases and test scripts are executed and have tractability by utilising testing tools (such as Gitlab) for bug and defect
tracking.
Good oral and written communication skill, stakeholder interaction skill and collaborative team working.

The Offer
Competitive remuneration package
The new office located in the Heart of Chatswood CBD
Global exposure across the business

If you think you have the above skills and experiences, please send your Cover Letter and Resume to address above selection criteria and
demonstrate your suitability for the position.