Our members drive us. Our spirit defines us.
We work as one with our members to help them create a better
today for themselves and their families. As an organisation, we're
united by our values and driven by our members' continued
success. This is our spirit. It's what defines us. It's what makes us
uniquely QSuper.
Test Analysts / Senior Test Analysts
The Company
Operating in a highly competitive and dynamic financial services
environment, QSuper manages around $113 billion in funds for
over 585,000 members and is committed to working with our
members so they can feel more confident they are making the best
choices for their situation. QSuper Limited and QInvest Limited are
ultimately owned by the QSuper Board of Trustees.
The QSuper Group has approximately 1,200 employees, and our
culture is one where "members are at the heart of everything we
do". Our employees bring this culture to life by behaving in line with
our unique values which ensures our success through our actions
every day.
The Role
We’re currently have multiple opportunities available for both Test
Analysts and Senior Test Analysts to join our IT Delivery and
Support team on a permanent basis. At both the Test Analyst and
Senior Test Analyst level, you’ll lead the analysis, planning,
preparation and execution of testing for projects and releases and
will ensure system and application changes are fit for purpose.
As a Senior Test Analyst, you’ll help establish corporate guidelines,
standards, and best practices in the use and deployment of testing
tools, frameworks, and solutions. You’ll also champion continuous
improvement of testing capability, and will coach and mentor less
experienced team members to achieve effective and efficient
testing outcomes.
Skills, Experience and Qualifications
The ideal Test Analyst will demonstrate some or most of the
below:
Prior experience in the planning, design and execution of test
plans and test cases (automated and/or manual) for functional
and non-functional testing
Excellent customer-service and communication skills, with the
ability to effectively juggle multiple requests at one time, keeping
stakeholders in the loop
Experience raising, tracking and retesting defects to ensure
systems are operating effectively
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills with a can-do
attitude and attention to detail
Ability to learn new things quickly and gain expertise in complex
business systems
Tertiary qualifications in Information Technology or another
related field will be highly regarded as will experience working in
Agile SCRUM teams.
Experience testing digital systems in a complex enterprise
systems integration environment
Experience and knowledge of tools used for API based testing
To be considered at Senior Test Analyst level, you’ll also ideally
have:
Demonstrable leadership experience in coaching and motivating
people to reach a common goal
A thorough understanding of the software development life cycle
and Agile methodology
Strong understanding of Quality Assurance testing methods and
approaches and causal analysis
A proactive mindset, identifying and suggesting improvements to
our testing practices and solutions
Demonstrable experience producing effective and engaging
testing reports/dashboards and driving continuous improvement
through measurable defect prevention techniques
Proven ability to identify and prioritise roadblocks, and to
motivate other team members to address issues in a proactive
and timely manner.
Demonstratable experience working in Customer
Communications Management
At QSuper we are proud to champion respect and we value
diversity amongst our employees to support an inclusive
workplace. We are passionate about selecting talented people
based on their qualifications, capabilities and experience relevant
to the role.
We value flexible working arrangements, however we understand
flexibility is not the same for everyone. We’re open to a
conversation about what flexibility means for you, which may
include the opportunity to work from home or flexible hours.
What you do today, inspires tomorrow
Click on the 'Apply’ button and follow the prompts. The closing date
for applications is Friday, 26 June 2020.
Please note, owing to a high volume of applications, QSuper
reserves the right to close the applicant portal ahead of this
deadline if necessary.
The location for this role is temporarily ‘work from home’ due to the
current requirements for all Australians to practise social distancing
amid the COVID-19 pandemic. When these requirements are lifted,
this role will be based at its former primary location of Brisbane
CBD.
Whilst all applicants will be carefully considered, we will only be
able to personally contact those candidates that are short-listed for
interview.
We choose to deal with you directly and have not engaged an
agency for this opportunity, so if you’re interested, please apply.
