Full Time
Information & Communication Technology, Testing & Quality Assurance

PERKS
The perks of being part of the Flo2Cash team don't stop at collaborating with great people on exciting and innovative projects. We also offer Super,
Flexible Work Hours, Time-off, Bonus on Achievements - and a Culture of Learning.
DESCRIPTION
The successful QA Engineer will be highly customer focused, obsessed with quality, with a proven record of working effectively across functional
organizations. Flo2Cash is looking for a QA Engineer who has strong experience with test cycle and looking to move up to a test lead position. The
suitable candidate should be a strong hand on QA with good technical experience and the ability to drive against a high-level test strategy based on a
data driven quality approach. The QA engineer will be a strong quality advocate with a good planning and optimization mindset. In this role you will:
Test code at the user level, both manually and with automated tools
Use black box, gray box, and white box testing techniques
Understand software internals, debug problems using log files, and write automated tests and/or user-level test automation tools
Deliver highest quality product and define measurable metrics to gauge progress against objective QA goals.
Work with business and development teams to understand product vision and requirements
Work with offshore test resources.
Set and drive expectations around quality for major releases grounded in solid customer impact and product understanding
Understand how all elements of the system software ecosystem work together and develop QA approaches that fit the overall strategy
Be responsible for development of test strategies and creation of appropriate test harnesses
Oversee and execution of test plans and monitor and report on test execution
Work with Software Developers to understand features and technical implementation and with groups such as Product Management, User Design,
and Customer Support to understand customer usage models and develop test plans and test suites that approximate real-world environments
and regression tests.
Responsible for driving the software development process toward quality-centric methodologies.
BASIC QUALIFICATIONS
Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science or related technical field
5+ years in a test or development role as part of a product development organization which has delivered consumer-oriented products
Strong experience in Agile development, Test development cycle and Test-Driven Development
Demonstrated experience in establishing and managing QA processes, procedures, and testing strategies.
Practical experience with QA methodology and tools
Experience in automated API Testing (Postman)
Experience in developing test script for user-level test automation such as Selenium and Cypress.
Experience in CI/CD process
Experience in JIRA and/or X-Ray
Able to work effectively in a team environment and strong cross functional skill.
Able to work in a dynamic environment with light documentation and lean process.
THE IDEAL CANDIDATE
People management skills to coordinate efforts and activities of other members of the QA team.
Strong experience in testing applications using automation frameworks and tools such as Selenium and JMeter
Monitor and report testing outcomes and overall progress by share periodic reports with the management team
Experience working closely with development and business teams to communicate problem impacts and to understand business requirements.
Shows creativity and initiative to improve product test coverage and effectiveness
Experience to work in a start-up and/or small enterprise environment
Comfortable communicating cross-functionally and across management levels in formal and informal settings
Experience working in the payment’s domain and/or financial applications
Experience writing code in one or more languages
Experience with Microsoft Visual Studio Test Manager
Experience with .NET ecosystem and tooling
Knowledge and experience with Microservices and distributed architectures
Able to bring new knowledge and ideas to the team
Demonstrated ability for innovation in a fast paced environment
COMPANY
Flo2Cash is a technology company headquartered in New Zealand. We build payment infrastructure for businesses around the world. Flo2Cash
combines a payment platform with applications for businesses of every size – from start-ups to large organizations - to accept payments, accelerate
revenues and manage their business operations.
Flo2Cash is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace for all. We recognize that the success of our
customers depends on the perspectives and contributions of all our people, their diverse backgrounds, abilities, ideas and experiences. If you are
contacted for a job opportunity, please tell us of any accommodations needed to ensure fair and equitable access throughout the recruitment and
selection process. All accommodation information provided will be treated as confidential and used only for the purpose of providing an accessible
candidate experience.
