Quality Coach

Job Overview
As a Quality Coach at Wargaming Sydney, you will play an integral part
of driving our mission to empower our development teams to raise the
bar of quality for the diverse range of innovative video game products
we ship to millions of players around the world.
Reports To
QA Lead
What will you do?
Embedded in an Agile team you, will be working to identify and mitigate
risks to successful delivery, grow the teams quality mindset, smooth out

process issues, coach developers to test effectively and using a data-
oriented approach, prove the quality of our products. In addition, you will

at times get hands-on with our products performing testing and
improving our automation.
Alongside this, you will also create tooling to improve test-ability of the
product and to allow us to have deep insight on our products quality to
show that we are building the right thing, building it right and supporting
it right.
What are we looking for?
Context-driven Test techniques: You are knowledgeable of modern
test practices such as heuristic based software modelling, and have
excellent testing skills.
Coaching/Influencing skills: You have experience mentoring/coaching
others in good quality practices, are able to skill them up effectively
and love pairing up with others to help them test.
Automation experience: You have experience creating automated
regression checks , working with CI/CD systems, and are proficient in
a programming language.
Big picture analysis: You are able to contextually analyse a project for
risks and design strategies to mitigate them including project, product
and process related risks.
Facilitation skills. You are great at bringing those around you together
to address quality concerns
Passion for the craft: You enjoy the testing craft and you regularly
attend test community events and learn new testing techniques
What additional skills will help you stand out?
A Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science or related field
Experience working in the games industry
Linux / Android / iOS platform experience
Game engine experience
About Wargaming:
Wargaming Sydney is one of the largest AAA development studios in
Australia, and is the Aussie branch of Wargaming.net. We are the
creators of the award-winning BigWorld Technology which powers
Wargaming’s massively popular online games. The team currently works
on new IP, established titles, and advanced technologies.
We are a group of highly talented individuals who have come together to
create the Wargaming Sydney family.
At Wargaming Sydney we offer all our employees a unique bespoke
benefits package which includes options for subsidised private health
care, fitness/gym memberships and entertainment budgets. We also
offer breakfast every day, a weekly company-provided lunch, fully
stocked gaming room and much, much more...
We’re an equal opportunity employer and believe in creating a
workplace where all our people feel supported and included. We’ve zero
tolerance for workplace bullying, discrimination, and harassment. We
encourage applications from those who are traditionally
underrepresented in the technology industry, and all applicants will
receive consideration equally.
Take a look at our website – www.wargaming.com

Please see Wargaming Candidate Privacy Policy for details on how
Wargaming uses your personal data.
