Senior Quality Assurance Engineer

2 locations - Parramatta & Maitland/Ongoing role/Salary package up
to $135,304
About Us
Revenue NSW Quality Assurance Test team provides testing services
for Revenue NSW applications across different business units. These
applications are of various sizes and cover web, mobile and back office
systems.
About the Role
We are currently seeing to appoint Senior Quality Assurance
Engineers who will lead and contribute to the resourcing,
implementation and review of large and or complex quality assurance
projects. This will include compliance monitoring, issue resolution and
reporting to provide consistent quality assurance. We support flexible
working practices with staff working remotely during this time.
In this role you will:
Coach and support other Quality Assurance Engineers
Create test plans, test status and summary reports.
Analyse the business requirements, user stories and system solution.
Provide the superior testing competencies to ensure testing is efficient
and completed in time using planning skills and working with the
assigned team.
Manage the use of automated testing for the assigned work in an
efficient and productive manner to ensure testing is delivered to
quality and within time parameters.
Execute functional, non-functional, and regression tests (as
applicable)
Skills and Experience Required:
Strong experience and the ability to coach and deliver test plans, test
summary and status reports and assigning tasks to test team
members.
A proven background in manual and automated testing. Experience of
writing test scripts including the required SQL commands and
reference to validating results.
Superior knowledge of enterprise level testing suites such as HP QC,
JIRA, Selenium, TFS etc.
Test planning and management of testing in large enterprise
environments. Including Internet delivery systems, Unix and batch
processing systems.
Good knowledge and experience with XML and ability to identify and
create data in various formats.
Complete understanding of the SDLC.Demonstrable testing within an
Agile delivery model, preferably Scrum.
Demonstrable ability to work to deadlines and balance competing
needs
How to Apply: Your application should include a one page cover letter,
indicating your preferred location, and an up-to-date resume of no more
than five pages which clearly details your skills and experience.
Working at Department of Customer Service
The Department of Customer Service is a great place to work! Our
values of accountability, trust, service and integrity drive our initiatives
and culture. We support innovative programs in areas as broad as digital
government, consumer protection and major public works. We are an
inclusive organisation that celebrates diversity and flexible work
practices and believe our people are our greatest asset.
Salary Grade 9/10, with the base salary for this role starting at $110,745
base plus superannuation
Click Here to access the Role Description. For enquires relating to
recruitment please contact Maggie DeUbago via
maggie.deubago1@customerservice.nsw.gov.au.
Closing Date: Sunday, 5 July 2020 [09:59am]
The Department of Customer Service is proud to be an EEO Employer
who are fully focused on equality and believe deeply in diversity of all
identities making us different and a true reflection of our NSW
customers. As an inclusive workplace, we support various employee
resource groups, practice flexible work and workplace adjustment.
If you do require an adjustment during the recruitment process, please
notify us on your application form.
