NBN is a wholesale provider of broadband access through its level two
networks, predominantly to retail service providers (RSPs). These RSP's on
sell internet access to both residential and business customers. Ericsson
are contracted to provide NBN a full "Managed Service" for the Fixed
Wireless and Satellite Technologies.
These technologies deliver broadband service to Rural and Remote areas
across Australia currently servicing approximately 280K customers with the
footprint expanding daily. The Ericsson Support Center team provides the
on the day operational support service for End User Activation and
Assurance of these customers.
As a Technical Support Operator, you will work with Ericsson's partners in
meeting Customer expectations in relation to delivery of service. You will be
involved in activities ranging from Data Entry to Call Handling to Problem
Resolution for both activations and assurance service functions.
As a Technical Support Operator, you will be assigned to different service
tasks that deliver the 'Daily Activation and Assurance Services'. You will be
part of a cross functional team providing services to both our customer NBN
and to our 3rd party delivery partners. The team is a unique operational
model consisting of a combination of services that would normally be seen in
either a call center or a support Centre. Ericsson Support Centre is an
integral component of our customers' success, we believe our customers'
success creates our success.
Key Duties and Responsibilities include:
Familiarity with CRM systems & practices
1st level customer complaint handling
Analysis and Trending of customer faults & correlation with network
events
2nd Level phone support to Field Technicians
Escalate and Co-ordinate Installation visits with Delivery Partners
Ensure your assigned daily tasks are completed within allocated
timeframes to ensure KPI's & SLAs are met
Data loading (provisioning) of customer orders into Ericsson Systems
Manage customer faults on Trouble Tickets through to resolution
Available to work on a roster basis Monday to Friday between 7:30 to 9pm
(at times may be requested to work weekends)
Proactively Monitor and Manage Installation, Servicing Mailboxes
Follow documented work instructions to maintain accuracy & also provide
process improvement suggestions
Engagement with operational stakeholders from both nbn and our 3rd
party DP's
Display excellent operational service skills (including questioning, probing,
listening, establishing rapport)
Be a team member who is passionate about being the best you can be
and want to achieve targets
Flexibility and able to adapt quickly to changing priorities and business
needs
Outline of Required Skills and experience:
Strong analytical, problem definition & resolution skills for problem solving
Strong phone contact handling skills and active listening (Telephone
Etiquettes)
Excellent communication and presentation skills (verbal & written)
Strong team contributor
Ability to follow operational procedures, guidelines and policies
Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively
Ability to work on a rotating shift basis with flexible roles & responsibilities
ITIL Foundation Certificate preferred.
Why Ericsson?
We offer a truly global company, with a diverse, performance-driven culture,
an innovative and engaging environment and opportunities to work across
borders. Our employees live our vision, core values and guiding principles -
sharing a passion to win and a high responsiveness to customer needs that
in turn makes us a desirable partner to our clients.
In Australia and New Zealand, we are known for delivering "World-1st"
projects for Australia's largest and most renowned telecommunications
carriers, including Telstra, Vodafone Hutchison Australia (VHA), Telecom
New Zealand and NBN. This is a chance to play a critical role in the success
of the Ericsson organisation, whilst providing yourself with a fantastic career
development opportunity and the chance to work alongside the brightest
minds in our industry.
We invite you to join our team as we work together to solve the world's
biggest challenges.
Follow us on Linked In: www.linkedin.com/company/ericsson
Follow us on Twitter: www.twitter.com/ericssonedge
Learn more about opportunities at Ericsson: www.ericsson.com/careers
As world leaders in all aspects of Technology, from Research &
Development, Design, Delivery and Management we are in an enviable
position to generate value for our customers.