*** MUST BE AN AUSTRALIAN CITIZEN AS YOU WILL NEED TO BE ELIGIBLE TO GAIN A GOVERNMENT SECURITY CLEARANCE - NV1 ***
Do you love technology, network operations and specialise in voice technologies? Do you get a kick out of providing great customer service to
customers? Join our legendary team of OCC engineers and help us transform our industry, one happy client at a time.
We are a business who is crazy about customers. We use disruptive thinking every day to ensure that we are capturing every opportunity to deliver the
ultimate experience to our customers and people. We empower our people to Do it. Own it. Love it and that’s why they choose to work for us. Here,
it’s never just a job – We care about what we do and the impact we have, and that’s what connects us.
Whoever you are, you'll fit right into our team of 1,400 different personalities. We’ll support you to be the best you can be here at Vocus and at home.
What’s the opportunity?
As a hands-on, sleeves-up Tier 2 OCC Engineer specialising in voice technologies at Vocus, you’ll genuinely love getting the job done for your
customers and team mates. You’ll be the difference between Vocus and our competitors. Here’s a typical day in your life:
Resolution of voice technical issues in a Tier 2 environment adhering to Vocus policy and procedure
Work diligently on proactive and reactive tasks and routines to ensure smooth running of the team operations
Step up and take initiative during outages and provide support to the management of the team
Champion a team culture of inclusion, trust and open communication and encourage disruptive thinking that ties to the team’s strategic vision
Work cooperatively with the field teams ensuring customer needs are met
What we need from you:
*** MUST BE AN AUSTRALIAN CITIZEN AS YOU WILL NEED TO BE ELIGIBLE TO GAIN A GOVERNMENT SECURITY CLEARANCE - NV1 ***
***YOU MUST BE COMFORTABLE WITH WORKING 24/7, 365 DAYS A YEAR SHIFT ROSTER ***
If this is, you read on and see what else we are after:
Deep knowledge of a telecoms operational environment with a general understanding of I.T, broadband internet
Ability to work a 24x7 Roster
At least 2-3 years of experience in a technical helpdesk role, preferably in a Telco OCC environment supporting voice network.
Working knowledge on carrier-grade VoIP solutions and data products.
Working knowledge on voice internet working standards such as ISDN, ISUP, SS7 etc.
Exposure or working knowledge of Genband and Broadsoft voice platforms will be a huge plus
Strong understanding of VOIP related protocols, SIP, RTP, different codecs etc.
Sound knowledge on Layer 2 and Layer 3 protocols in the OSI model.
Awareness of ISO27001, ISO9001, ISO20000
Ability to prioritize work load in a complex networking environment
It’s a seriously exciting time to join Vocus and there’s even more to come. If you think you want to join us and be part of something great, do
it and apply now!
The extra stuff we know you want to know
We know how to celebrate our wins and we know learning from our mistakes makes us better. We are all about flexible working and, hand on heart, we
practise work life balance. We high five you on your work anniversary and give you a day off. We know time off is important for balance, so we have an
option to buy more leave. We embrace your unique style and let you be a master of your own style with no dress code. This is just the tip of the
iceberg, so jump on our careers site or LinkedIn to find out more!
Did I hear you say, “Who is Vocus?”
We are a challenger business in the Telco and Energy Industry. We listened to our customers and heard that they wanted more from a network, so
that’s what we’ve given them.
We built the network thanks to our own team of highly skilled fibre engineers.
We own our network giving us easier, straightforward access.
We manage our network here in Australia out of our Melbourne offices.
We now have more than 30,000 km of fibre optic cable laid and operational throughout Australia, 5000 on-net buildings connected to our network.