Overview:
We have a current need for an experienced Implementation Coordinator to
join our team. In this dynamic role you will manage field build teams
undertaking work for an Australian national mobile network operator.
The Implementation Coordinator is responsible for achieving project build
milestones at a competitive cost, with high quality and in a safe
manner. Responsibilities include overseeing the whole build life-cycle, from
receiving the designs, organising and managing the build, to completion and
acceptance. Close co-operation with various internal and external
stakeholders is imperative to ensure success.
Outline of Key Skills and Experience:
At least 3 years experience in a role where multiple build teams were
managed on a day-to-day basis
Outcome focused and highly motivated
Solid understanding of safe work practices when working at heights, and
with RF / EME
Demonstrated ability to multi-task and juggle between different
deliverables
Proficiency in reading site designs and diagrams
Demonstrated financial acumen
Proactive leadership and management skills
Ability to quickly resolve complex issues
Demonstrated negotiation and customer relationship management skills
Effective written and verbal communication skills
Strong relationship building, influencing and negotiation skills
Superior organisational and time management skills
Local industry and standards knowledge
Strong understanding of all phases of wireless telecommunications
systems implementation, expansions and upgrades
Strong understanding of mobile network equipment (transmission and RF)
Previous proven experience as a Site Engineer, Site Acquisition
Specialist, Civil Works construction worker, Civil or ICIO designer or
Installer would be favorably considered.
Outline of Key Job Responsibilities:
Plan, scope and schedule mobile network build works for field teams
Support field teams and sub-contractors to ensure build milestones are
achieved
Handle issues escalated by build teams and sub-contractors
Drive a safety culture among the build teams and sub-contractors
Drive a quality culture (doing things right the first time) amongst the build
teams and sub-contractors
Drive an efficiency culture among the build teams and sub-contractors
Seek continual improvement opportunities
Arrange and support build teams and sub-contractors to clear defects
Provide regular reporting on build progress, delays, issues, variations and
risks to project management stakeholders
Attend project delivery meetings
Arrange raising of Purchase Orders
Arrange equipment call-offs.
Why Ericsson?
We offer a truly global company, with a diverse, performance-driven culture,
an innovative and engaging environment and opportunities to work across
borders. Our employees live our vision, core values and guiding principles -
sharing a passion to win and a high responsiveness to customer needs that
in turn makes us a desirable partner to our clients.
In Australia and New Zealand, we are known for delivering "World-1st"
projects for Australia's largest and most renowned telecommunications
carriers, including Telstra, Vodafone Hutchison Australia (VHA), Telecom
New Zealand and NBN. This is a chance to play a critical role in the success
of the Ericsson organisation, whilst providing yourself with a fantastic career
development opportunity and the chance to work alongside the brightest
minds in our industry.
We invite you to join our team as we work together to solve the world's
biggest challenges.