In the role of Network Technical Specialist, you will be a member of our 24/7 Secure Network Operations Centre. You will work directly with customers,
co-providers and back-of-house resolver groups to ensure that Telstra delivers a superior end to end customer experience.
Your key responsibilities and major tasks include, but not limited to:
Perform or participate in complex, specialised technical investigations as required as part of a Level 2 Network 24/7 Shift environment.
Resolve incidents in the following areas: routing and switching, TCP/IP, routing protocols, and link layer protocols.
Deliver excellence in Customer Service in interactions with many customers.
Participate in a 24/7 shift roster.
Follow strict process and compliance procedures for fault finding and incident management, pertinent to the customer environment you are
working in.
Take reasonable care for your own safety and the safety of others, comply with and implement any reasonable Telstra HSE policy.
To be successful in this role, you will have the following experience/qualifications/attributes:
Basic routing and switching skills including knowledge and troubleshooting ability of TCP/IP, routing protocols, and link layer protocols.
Demonstrated experience in an IT network support role, in a heavily process and compliance driven environment.
Current Network Certifications (or evidence of working towards) such as CCNA/JNCIA or equivalent level of knowledge.
Excellent oral and written communication skills and be able to demonstrate these skills.
Ability to prioritise your workload and work closely with others in a team environment.
Please note: Candidates must be Australian Citizens with minimum level of NV1 security clearance to be considered. This role will require
you to obtain and maintain an Australian Government NV1 security clearance.
Join us as we bring government, industry, enterprise and providers together to solve the biggest emerging challenges using the latest technologies.
Working at Telstra brings endless opportunities to develop and grow your career with us in a creative and a success-based culture.