Part time (4 days per week)
2 year contract (to June 2022)
Pro-rata package, including superannuation, $96,100 - $103,500
Local Government NSW (LGNSW) is the peak organisation that represents the interests of NSW general and special purpose councils. We advocate
on behalf of members and their communities to decision makers. We also provide a comprehensive range of services, including industrial relations
representation, management services and training.
We are looking for a Project Manager to implement Phase two of the Flying-fox Habitat Restoration project, designed to support councils with
managing the impacts of Flying-foxes. The project is funded by the NSW Environmental Trust. Phase 1, involving the design and development of the
grant program for councils, was completed in 2019.
The role
This role will work closely with identified councils to co-design suitable projects to restore/create flying-fox camp or foraging habitat, so that projects
generate robust data and improve our understanding of factors contributing to flying-fox site use and occupation and reduction of conflict with
community. You will coordinate a Project Advisory Group to help assess and award projects, including setting up grantee reporting requirements. You
will assist councils with community engagement and education relevant to flying-foxes and coordinate project reporting to the NSW Environmental
Trust.
The person
Ideally you will have strong project management and grant management skills and experience, including project design, implementation and reporting.
You will have high level written and oral communication skills and knowledge of relevant legislation and government policies relating to Flying-fox
management. You will have an understanding of local government and an ability to work with others in a collaborative environment.
How to apply
For more information and to obtain the position description and essential requirements, visit http://www.lgnsw.org.au/about-us/lgnsw-positions-vacant
Applications should include:
a covering letter which clearly details your skills and experience as relevant to the position
accountabilities and essential requirements detailed in the position description
an up-to-date resume