Do you want job security and a long term contract! Do you have experience in Senior Project Management?
Are you an Australian Citizen (PR not accepted). Keep reading below!
We are looking for a highly organised and personable Senior Project Manager working with the Portfolio Lead (Program Manager) and a range of key
stakeholders to plan for the delivery of projects, develop detailed documentation, and execute against these plans.
The company
My client is an agency in the Environment portfolio of the Australian Government. As Australia’s national weather, climate, and water agency, my
client's expertise and services assist Australians in preparing for and responding to the harsh realities of their natural environment. Through regular
forecasts, warnings, monitoring, and advice spanning the Australian region and Antarctic Territory.
My client is undertaking a project to do a comprehensive rebuild of their ICT systems and related business processes and applications, focusing on
addressing security and resilience risks.
The Role Continued
Ensure effective project control, change control, risk management and testing processes are maintained, and manage project schedule, risks,
issues, assumptions and dependencies.
Monitor and direct resources against the project budget and manage expectations of all project stakeholders.
Recruit and manage Project Managers and other key roles to deliver on project accountabilities, undertaking staff management and work oversight
activities.
Procure, oversee and manage the use of service providers (delivery partners) to ensure quality and timely delivery.
Promote and manage relationships and key strategic alliances with internal and external stakeholders, community groups, business sponsors and
service providers.
Report on program objectives, program outcomes and work area performance for presentation to Executive.
Mandatory
10 years' experience in Project Management.
2 years' experience managing a portfolio of projects.
Delivery focused project leadership experience with demonstrated quality outcomes achieved and requirements met within budget, scope and
timeframes.
Previous experience working on large Transformation Projects
Knowledge of PMBOK and PRINCE2 methodologies
If you feel you meet the above criteria and you are an Australian Citizen please submit your CV accordingly.
Know someone who would be great for this job? Refer them and help a friend :)