IT Systems Analyst
Ranked among the top 20 most valuable brands in Australia, the company
Resorts is already one of Australia’s most iconic tourist destinations and
an employer of choice. the company wholly owns and operates two of
Australia’s leading integrated resorts - the company Melbourne and the company
Perth with our the company Sydney resort set to open in 2021. Setting a new
benchmark in curated experience and luxury sophistication, the company
Sydney is set to become Sydney’s most sought after luxury destination
for locals and international travellers alike, promising its guests an
experience above all else.

Reporting to the Senior Manager - IT, the IT Systems Analyst – Non
Gaming, will work to ensure the availability and performance of all
corporate/back of house and hospitality applications in conjunction with
our Group Enterprise Solutions team on a 24x7 basis (on-call). This
position is responsible for the functional management and
implementation of efficient IT systems and technologies to service the
business. The IT Systems Analyst is also required to partner with
business stakeholders and gather feedback to ensure systems are
performing at optimal levels and continuously improving.

What you need:

Any experience in one or more of the technologies used at the company;
Microsoft Windows desktop and server, Microsoft SQL, Virtualisation
(VMware), Microsoft Azure Stack, and mobile devices, including iOS and
Android.

Relevant qualification in IT
ITIL Foundations Certificate preferred
Strong technical knowledge
Experience working in IT Service Management
Availability to work over a 24/7 roster
Clear verbal and written communication
Ability to analyse and problem solve
Collaborative team approach to work

Applications close: Midnight Sunday 31st May 2020

WHAT WE OFFER YOU:

We offer you the opportunity to work within a large and talented team
within a superior and vibrant brand. If you want to be part of the
experience that only the company can offer, and have the required skills and
qualifications, then please submit your resume and cover letter by
logging into the company Careers.

As part of workplace inclusion and diversity strategy, we
strongly encourage applications across all cultural backgrounds,
genders and abilities.