Sydney, CBD, Inner West & Eastern Suburbs
Full Time
Information & Communication Technology, Business/Systems Analysts

The role:
Reporting to the Senior Digital Product Owner, you will be responsible for working with key stakeholders to understand, refine and ensure requirements
are clearly managed and understood.
You will play a key role in driving feature refinement based on the product road map, ensuring business requirements are aligned to feasible technical
solutions.
Specifically you will:
Facilitate feature refinement and discovery sessions to ensure new enhancements can be broken down into meaningful features, user stories, user
cases and testable acceptance criteria
Participate in design thinking workshops to understand business and customer needs and translate them into practical technical solutions
Ensure requirements are documented to a level that can be clearly understood by the development team
Assist the product owner in planning of product roadmap and iterative releases
Support agile delivery process of new releases planning and coordinating with relevant stakeholders.
You will demonstrate:
Previous experience delivering digital products in a fast-paced agile environment preferably within the Finance industry
Strong understanding of the agile delivery methodology
Proven track record of translating business requirements into user stories
Experience facilitating workshops
Knowledge of design based thinking and human centred design principles
Experience working with UI / UX teams to translate wireframes into user stories
Previous experience using Jira and confluence
User flow or process mapping skills.

About Us:
Part of the global family of great brands (and owned by the), is a financial services business that is
passionate about helping Australians realise bigger possibilities through the delivery of beautifully simple and rewarding financial products, backed by legendary customer service. We reject the notion of complex financial services. Instead we aim for clarity and simplicity in everything we do.
How to apply?
Working for us is fun and fast-paced, and we need top talent to take us where we want to go. Virgin people are easy to spot. They're smart, energetic,
full of ideas and passionate about what they do. If this sounds like you, and you're looking to join a brand on the forefront of financial services, we'd
love to have a conversation.
To apply for this role, please follow the links. is committed to diversity and an inclusive workforce. Aboriginal & Torres Strait Islander people are encouraged to apply.
If you are successful for a role with the, it is a condition of employment that background screening is completed to ensure that the Bank
complies with its obligations under the Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Terrorism Financing Act. These checks may include, but are not limited to:
identity, verification, reference checks, criminal background checks, immigration checks, verification of academic qualifications, bankruptcy checks.