$80,000 - $99,999
Full Time
Information & Communication Technology, Developers/Programmers

JOB TYPE: Permanent
LOCATION: Brisbane
REPORTS TO: Management
STARTING DATE: July / August 2020

THE COMPANY
offers Cloud Document Management systems for any size of professional service business and is a leading supplier to the Australian and New
Zealand Accounting profession. Our operations have recently branched out to South Africa, the UK and USA.

THE ROLE
is looking for an experienced and innovative Web App Software Developer to work in a programming role, on all technical aspects of the
design, development and maintenance of software applications. The candidate will be a member of the development team, working in C#
ASP.NET / Javascript environment running against a SQL Server database. The candidate will be responsible for writing source code based on
designs approved by management. This will include undertaking research tasks, programming and working with quality acceptance testers with
problems they encounter in testing the software.
The ideal candidate for this role will be a person requiring limited supervision and with at least 5 years software development and/or software
implementation and support experience.
If working on new cutting-edge projects is your cup of tea, then this role is for you.

RESPONSIBILITIES
Main tasks include the following:
Design and development of new features, enhancements and modifications as specified by the Product Team.
Draft technical specifications of software modifications requested.
Black Box and Alpha testing of code changes and new software features.
Analysis, design and coding using C#.NET, SQL, JavaScript and other relevant tools.
Assist with technical support tasks, including data conversions and AWS infrastructure maintenance.

SKILLS AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED
Computer science or relevant tertiary qualification
5 or more years development experience with exposure to Web Apps and ASP.Net
Solid C# ASP.NET proven capability (.NET Framework 3.5+)
Excellent SQL skills (including T-SQL, stored procedures and functions)
Experience with relational database design and/or administration
User Interface (UI) design experience
Other beneficial programming languages: JavaScript, HTML5
In-depth technical skills and experience (implementation, development, testing, databases, etc.)
Mobile applications development experience will be an added bonus.
Good business and application sense
Good communication skills, written and verbal
Strong problem-solving skills
Attention to detail

PERSONAL ATTRIBUTES
Innovative and out-of-the-box thinker.
Have an ability to react in a flexible manner to many and varied requirements.
Hardworking and ability to handle pressure.
Able to comfortably work to tight deadlines with little or no supervision.
Mature attitude to developing communication with team members
Ability to work to flexible timelines in order to meet deadlines.
Ability to prioritise.
Commitment to customer service and quality.
Able to grasp new technologies and keep up to date with changes.
Time and project management skills.

SALARY
The annual salary will be in the range of A$80k – A$100k, depending on the selected candidate’s skill set and experience.
Please submit your resume together with a cover letter, telling us in your own words why you are the right person for the job.