We’re looking for a Software Developer to join us.
We are looking to add another Software Developer to the team focused-on Database Governance and developing software in line with business
requirements.
The successful candidate will be a good communicator, both written and verbal, able to prioritize work, highly organized, have a high level of computer
system knowledge and IT literacy with the right mix of experience and the willingness to learn new things.
You’ll be working for an ethical fundraising agency with a range of amazing charities from the well-known, respected brands to the small, just as
important causes.
Experience
Experience is preferred, so if you have the majority of the technical skills required to perform the role as well as solid, practical experience in software
development role, we’d love to hear from you.
Key technical ‘must haves’ are a sound knowledge of Node.js & JavaScript, high level of working knowledge of SQL, HTML & CSS, a working
understanding of REST API principles, experience with Hypertext Translation Protocol, the ability to work with GIT – distributed version control system,
ability to write code securely, a practical experience of cyber security concepts, threats and secure design principles and experience with dev-ops
principles (Agile / CI/CD).
If you have any competencies and experience in the following it will also be considered advantageous - Front-end framework/libraries e.g. React or
View.js, asterisk, vicidial, PCI DSS, OWASP top 10 security risks and docker / containerization.
As one of our Software Developers, the key to success is being a highly organized person who is responsible for development sprints, bug fixes,
database governance and maintenance and various other regular tasks to help us maintain a competitive edge in the market.
We want a problem solver, with a positive can-do attitude, with the right mix of experience and nous. We want someone who is up for the challenge of
working in a fast-paced environment, and who loves getting things done with a real focus on accuracy.
Skills
Exceptionally personable, strong attention to detail, highly technical and computer literate, good communicator, resilient, proactive, motivated by seeing
results and pride in the quality of what you do.
Conditions
Starting depending on experience. We have a strong focus on training and career progression, so if you’re ambitious and driven then you’ll be
supported in achieving your goals.
We are located in Brendale, North Brisbane, we are very close to public transport and have free car parking.
The working hours are Monday – Friday, 37.5 hours a week, with reasonably flexible daytime hours.
How to Apply
Email your application
Phone the office to find out more
Position description is available upon request.
Your application must consist of:
Max one-page cover letter letting us know why you’re the best fit for the role.
Max two-page resume outlining technical skills, experience and education.
Max 400 words outlining an example of where you had to solve a software or database problem that involved planning, development,
communication and problem-solving nous to get the right result.
The application must be supplied in the one PDF document.