About the business
We design and develop trailblazing technology, we're also the dev house that every developer wants to work for, so if you think you've got game, we
want you.
About the role
You will collaborate closely with Software quality specialists, Developers, Product Owners, and different influences in the internal organization to
nurture a functional and automation mindset.
Experience
Strong QA professional with functional skills and understanding of test automation, that will enable you to craft functional testing strategies from
scratch, in line with the business requirements and produce scenarios that can be replicated across different teams.
From a software quality perspective, the ultimate goal is to provide a frictionless, and bug-free user experience for all products worked with.
Role Competencies
Well versed in Testing Techniques and Methodologies.
Good understanding of the SDLC.
Ability to create Test Plans and Test Cases.
Ability to follow Testing standards and processes.
Execution of Tests, feedback, escalation and reporting.
Keen ability to drive quality improvement.
Ability to configure and troubleshoot testing environment issues.
Identify and raise Project / Product risks.
Experience working in Agile Teams.
Good collaboration and communication skills.
Demonstrated experience with API Testing, using tools such as Postman, SoapUI.
Demonstrated experience with Web Application Testing using tools such as Fiddler, Charles and browser dev tools.
Demonstrated experience with SQL; ability to write / execute scripts / validate data.
Demonstrated experience with Test Management tools such as TestRail, Azure DevOps etc.
Good understanding to troubleshoot Operating Systems, Browsers and Infrastructure via Web Servers, Database Servers, Networking etc.
Ability to debug MS SQL using tools like SQL Profiler (Advantageous).
Experience with Mobile Web testing (Advantageous).
Experience with Continuous Integration / Delivery, DevOps (Advantageous).
Experience with automated testing techniques and tools (Advantageous).
