Senior Test Analyst
Impactful work that helps make a difference to the Australian
people
Opportunity to work on a high impact transformation; long term
contract
Access to a wide-range of staff benefits
Do work that makes a difference
Opportunity for an Senior Test Analyst to work on a highly visible
multi-year program involving ground up development of a complex
SQL multidimensional data warehouse, reporting and analytics
solution for APRA-sourced data which is used to analyse nationally
critical data in the Australian financial system.
You will be responsible for testing within a cross-functional, mature
Agile team, with a strong focus on test automation to support
delivery of the Transformation program which seeks to replace an
existing data warehouse. The role requires taking an active part in
providing testing support, maintaining and improving test processes,
tooling and outputs.
Your team

You will work closely with mature and high performing cross-
functional Scrum teams within the RBA and with APRA. The work

environment is collaborative, friendly and supporting with adequate
support to work from home.
Your background
To be successful in this critical role you will possess;
Demonstrated practical experience and knowledge in Java and/or
SQL, Selenium and working in a CI/CD, BDD environment.
Proven experience in use of test automation tools and
frameworks.
Advanced knowledge and experience across all phases of testing
on data warehouse and/or business analytics projects
Previous working experience in Agile Environment and its
ceremonies.
Help the team to achieve sprint goals by testing the new and
enhanced systems
Degree in IT, business, finance or other relevant discipline is
highly desirable.
Strong communication, documentation and report writing skills.
Your development & career
Working for an organisation that truly makes a difference to the
Australian people, we can offer development and career
opportunities in a collaborative environment that supports people’s
growth, wellbeing and promotes flexibility.
Why RBA?
The RBA pursues national economic policy objectives and
undertakes a range of associated activities in financial markets and
banking. It also issues Australia's banknotes and operates
infrastructure critical to the payments system, all of which contributes
to the welfare of the Australian people.
Our people have a critical role to play in achieving these objectives,
whether directly or in a supporting capacity. As a values driven
organisation, our people conduct themselves with a high degree of
integrity, while striving for excellence in the work they perform and
the outcomes they achieve. We encourage intelligent inquiry, we
treat one another with respect, while promoting the public interest in
our efforts.
The Reserve Bank of Australia is an equal opportunity
employer. We are committed to creating a diverse and inclusive
workplace and encourage applications from experienced
candidates seeking workplace flexibility.
