About the business
VantageFX is an award-winning Australian financial services firm providing online Forex trading capabilities to retail, high-net-worth and institutional
clients globally. The business is ASIC regulated and continually strives to provide a client-friendly, interactive Forex experience. As a team we always
look to innovate and take advantage of the latest technology, passing on benefits to our clients. Located in Sydney's CBD, We are looking for a talented
Java developer with good understanding of Object Oriented Programming, hands-on development skills and respect of high-quality code.
About the role
As a Software QA Engineer, you will be a key member of VantageFX Development team driving the quality of our CRM to the next level via both
automation and manual test. You will work within our agile software development process and have an important impact on CRM deliveries. You will
have the opportunity to work with quality testing frameworks and tools using Java, Selenium, Jenkins, GIT and more.
Skills and experience
In order to be successful in this role, we need someone who has:
5+ years professional experience in quality assurance
Experience working within a wide variety of automated testing frameworks, including Java, Selenium etc.
knowledgeable in testing methodologies particularly function testing, system testing and E2E testing.
Experience with Database and SQL
Knowledge of continuous integration and deployment tools (e.g. Jenkins).
Must be an analytical thinker, and be able to define and/or troubleshoot issues, problems, and opportunities for quality assurance and/or
improvement
MS/BS in Computer Science or equivalent experience.
Mandarin speaking
Day to Day Responsibilities
Work closely with the development/ product team to understand business requirements and implementation process
Evaluate product functionality and assess product quality with most test case coverage independently
Work with QA team to ensure the highest quality release delivery,
Efficiently design/develop automation test cases and run execution
Find, isolate, document, regress, and track bugs through bug management system

The application form will include these questions:
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
