Full Time
Information & Communication Technology, Testing & Quality Assurance

About the Role:
Our client currently have a job opening for a Senior Tester with a major focus on the ability to create a test strategy and then execute tests against it. As
a self-starter and experienced Tester, you will play an integral part in the testing of software, continuous testing on changes and testing all customer
bases. This is a Senior role but very much hands-on, essentially EVRYTHING needs to be tested.
This Full-Time position is based just outside Perth CBD, where you will report to the Senior Architect who will oversee development. With strong growth
projected, there is no shortage of work and you will always have your hands full, but believe us when we say, you'll love it!
Key Criteria:
Develop and produce System Integration Test Plans
Develop and execute SIT Test Scripts
Raise, Triage and track defects raised during the engagement through to closure
Develop and produce the SIT Test Completion Report
Experience in creating and executing automation scripts
Strong experience in Agile and DevOps principles
Experience and knowledge of Test Management Tool
Big BONUS - Experience with Android Testing and Automation Testing
What's on Offer:
As a Senior Tester you will be responsible for essentially ALL Testing, therefore your method towards Testing must be immaculate. You will be
proactive, have a very solid plan, and test strategy approach. This is an amazing opportunity for someone who loves to get their hands dirty, and would
potentially like to build a team around them through the realisation of the demand of the role and duties. This will give the right candidate the
opportunity to coach and manage a team of Testers.
This is not your typical start-up organisation; our client, established for four years now, have strong backing from their Directors and Board Members.
Their office is a very open and honest working environment where no two days are the same; you get to work on exciting technologies and continue
your technical development and to top it off you get to own your work!
Our Client:
Our Client is driven by delivering never seen before messaging services providing deeper integration into consumer's day-to-day consumption and by
delivering unique market opportunities while providing value and control to users.
About Us
Titan Recruitment has been delivering complete, innovative and effective recruitment solutions across Australia for over two decades and is recognised
as a leading Engineering and Technology recruitment and contracting specialist. Our service delivery is underpinned by traditional values and an
innovative approach to help clients, contractors and candidates achieve their goals.
Find the latest engineering jobs and technology jobs at www.titanrecruitment.com.au
Titan is an advocate for Equal Employment Opportunity, and we encourage applications from all interested applicants.
