Test Analyst - SMS Program
BUILD your skills, create success and become inspired.
TAFE NSW has over 500,000 annual enrolments and sets the
benchmark for quality education in Australia. Join our innovative,
dynamic organisation while we embark on a once in a generation
evolution to modernise, upskill and digitally transform into a world-class
education provider.

We’re committed to building a culture of highly engaged and talented
people, all working together in a collaborative and high-performance
culture which facilitates career mobility and diversity. Our employees are
valued and provided development opportunities to ensure organisational
success and personal growth

The Opportunity
As a Test Analyst at TAFE NSW, you will be responsible for ensuring that
testing engagements are successfully carried out, preparing test plans
and a test phase, test cases for a given test phase based on the Test
Objective Matrices, executing and running test cases and other required
tests as directed, raising defects during test execution and following
them through to closure. This role is based within a team of SME,
Technical and Business Analysts and business resources to delivery
testing outcomes.
This is a 12-month temporary full-time opportunity located at Ultimo
TAFE NSW Campus.

Review the Position Description and Information Package for more
information
About You
Ideally, you will will be degree qualified with relevant industry experience
working a Test Analyst across the testing lifecycle: Sprint Testing,
Systems Testing, Data Migration Testing, System Integration Testing and
support of User Acceptance Testing. With experience in testing the
PeopleSoft Campus Solutions platform functionality (Curriculum
management, Student Finance, Enrolments, Reporting, etc.) within an
Educational Domain at Enterprise Level. Solid experience in using JIRA
and Zephyr/JIRA for test management, defects management and
requirements management is required.

You will be resilient and able to work in a fast-paced, complex technical
environment undergoing significant change across people, process and
technology. Your excellent communication skills will enable you to
develop and maintain an effective working relationship within the SMS
Program resources and across ICT departments.

Additional requirements:
1. Experience in use of the Atlassian Suite (Confluence, JIRA and
Bamboo)
2. Strong knowledge of web, mobile and cloud technologies such as
AWS or Azure
3. Experience in testing web services and protocols (HTTP/XML/REST
APIs)
4. Hands on experience using Test Stubs and test automation tools for
functional and load testing
5. Certified Agile Tester (CAT) qualification or equivalent
HOW TO APPLY
For your application to be considered, you must include:
Attach an updated resume and cover letter outlining your suitability for
the role
Applications close: Thursday 2 July 2020 at 11:59 pm

As a condition of employment, you will be required to obtain Working
with Children Check (WWCC) clearance. For permanent positions, you
must be an Australian citizen or permanent resident. For temporary
positions, it is generally acceptable for you to have a current visa that
allows you to work in Australia.

TAFE NSW is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to
fostering a diverse workforce.

We encourage applications from people with a disability and will make
any reasonable adjustment that you need both in the interview process
