Business Systems Specialist
Business Systems Specialist
Permanent, full time – 38 hours per week
Salary: $85,069.21 - $92,815.76 per annum plus superannuation
Flexible working conditions, including access to a planned day off
every four weeks, family friendly policies and other great employee
benefits
Located in Cheltenham with free car parking and near public transport
About us
The City of is south-east of Melbourne and is approximately
20km from Melbourne's CBD. We employ over 1,450 people in a diverse
range of roles including engineering, customer service, administration,
finance, family, youth and children's services, sport and recreation,
health, parks and gardens, planning, arts and management.
The role
Your passion for new and innovative technology will support Council to
achieve a customer centric culture. You will play a vital role in
maintaining and enhancing the core systems across Council. This
position will appeal to team players; you will interact with staff and
vendors to improve, progress, and evolve the core applications and
infrastructure to meet Council and customer needs through technology
enablement, automation and continuous improvement.
The role supports and maintains Council's applications and databases,
including upgrading and maintenance of software and databases. The
Business Systems Specialist is responsible for ensuring the underlying
technologies supporting Council's applications are stable, well
integrated, functional and the role will provide input into the planning,
design and rollout of future systems.
The position requires professional knowledge and experience in the
following areas:
MS SQL database methodologies, query tools and scripting
Software integration technologies
Software systems maintenance and administration
Ability to prepare clear and concise reports and correspondence;
What we can offer
This is a full-time/permanent position. As an employee of the City of
 you will have access to ongoing professional development and
a range of employee benefits designed to promote a positive work/life
balance including social club events, wellbeing initiatives, discounted
gym membership and health insurance. The City of  offers
flexible working arrangements including access to a planned day off
every four weeks.
How to Apply
If you have the skills, abilities and attitude to take on this position, we
would like to hear from you. A copy of the position description is
available for review via our website
alternatively click on the Apply button below.
Please include your LinkedIn profile details within your application.
 alues diversity and is committed to creating a workplace
where all employees can be their true self every day. We are a child
safe and an equal opportunity employer. Candidates from wide-
ranging backgrounds, identities and experiences are encouraged to apply.