Business | Systems Analyst - 12 month contract | Gov
Business | Systems Analyst | 12 month Project
are currently recruiting for an experienced
Systems Business Analysis to be based in the Brisbane CBD area for
Federal Government Sector.
This newly created role includes working in a small team to work on major
initiatives to implement new solutions and replace existing systems to
improve processes.
Benefits:
12 month contract
Excellent Rate of Pay
Small Team environment
Key Accountabilities:
Gap analysis, future state capability modelling
Systems Integration including documentation
Service improvement implementation
Working on innovative business analyst solutions
Record and maintain files and information
Produce functional and non-functional specifications
Analysis and map business processes
Business process identification, modelling and improvement
Essential Requirements:
Experience in complex IT business Systems
Demonstrated experience in improving business performance
Experience in using Sparx software for BA model depiction and
documentation
Demonstrated experience in AGILE
AFP Negative Vetting Level I Security Clearance or ability to obtain one
Ability to address a selection criteria
click on the APPLY NOW link to submit your application. We look forward
to hearing from you!
 strives for diversity, inclusion and equality of our people. We
seek a workforce that is representative of the communities we work in. We
encourage people of all cultures, gender, age, sexual orientation or
abilities to apply.
Who we are
As one of Australia's largest employers, we work with great companies all
around Australia and New Zealand to give you the very best permanent,
contract and temp work.
At , we are committed to creating a safe and inclusive
environment which values and respects diverse styles, backgrounds,
experiences and perspectives.
We welcome and encourage women, people of Aboriginal and Torres
Strait Islander descent and people from diverse backgrounds to apply.
So it's over to you. If you would like to join our team, please APPLY
now.
To learn more about working with , we encourage you
to visit our website.