Business Systems Analyst (9
Month Fixed Term Contract)
Are you looking for a new opportunity in Wollongong? Remote
onboarding and work from home to begin with.
Consider joining a global company and world leader in Financial
Services where we put the customer at the centre of everything we
do.
About Us:
is a global consulting leader in talent, health, retirement and
investments. We help clients around the world advance the health,
wealth and performance of their most vital asset - their people.
So what exactly do we do? We create secure and rewarding
futures for our clients and their employees — whether we're
designing affordable health plans, assuring income for retirement,
or aligning workers with workforce needs, for more than 70 years,
we've turned our insights into actions, enabling people around the
globe to live, work, and retire well.
About the Role:
Reporting to the IT Fund Support Lead, and working in a
supportive, close-knit team, this role is responsible for analysing
and specifying applications systems requirements and design
pertaining to system enhancements and defects enabling the
business to function more effectively. You will be involved in BAU
activities, as well as have the opportunity to become involved in
project work and all facets of the Software Development Lifecycle.
You will be proficient with Jira, Confluence, Jira Service Desk,
Bamboo as well as popular add ons.
Key Responsibilities:
Working with various stakeholders to specify optimum design for
subsequent development
Interfacing with end-users, Business Analysts and other levels of
management to translate business requirements into appropriate
IT related specifications (functional specifications)
Developing functional specifications that design and document
desired outcome of system enhancement /development which
will communicate the user requirements in technical terms
Providing operational support for existing applications systems
Working as a crucial component of a systems development team
responsible for making system changes or developing new
systems
Review business requirements to produce quality systems
functionality during the design phase of a project
Work with Test Analysts to ensure good test coverage and
scenarios are covered throughout all test phases
About You:
You are analytical by nature and have prior experience working as
a Business Systems Analyst, preferably in superannuation,
investments or financial services. A solid understanding and
working experience with a systems development environment and
SDLC will be highly regarded in this role. In addition, you have
worked with the Atlassian suite of applications, are familiar with the
ITIL framework and have a background in a technical support
environment. You are flexible in approach, take initiative and enjoy
working in a dynamic team environment. Strong communication
skills are key to this position, as you will need to communicate
technical information to a range of stakeholders. Whilst not a
requirement, you may possess a relevant tertiary qualification.
We Offer:
A highly supportive and collaborative work environment along with
a competitive range of health, wealth and lifestyle benefits which
include:
Gym Membership
Car parking (Wollongong only)
Active Social Club, with numerous activities throughout the year
– family days, raffles, BBQs, mid and end of year functions
Discounted insurances
Employment Assistance Program
Fruit deliveries
Flexible working arrangements
Community Volunteer leave
For further information about this and other great opportunities at
 call or to apply, click ‘apply
for this job' to submit your resume and cover letter.
Closing date for applications: Friday, 12 June
Applications will only be accepted from candidates that have the
appropriate approval to work in Australia. Successful applicants will
be required to complete a Criminal Record Check prior to
commencement of employment.
 is an equal opportunity employer committed to
embracing a diverse and inclusive work environment. We aim
to attract and retain the best people regardless of their gender,
marital/parental status, ethnic origin, nationality, age,
background, disability, sexual orientation and gender identity.