Business Analyst - IT Systems
Business Analyst – IT Systems
Full Time Position
1 Year Fixed Term Contract
Malvern Location
Generous Salary Packaging Options
is seeking a Business Analyst - IT Systems. Under the
direction of the Project Manager – Systems Implementation, the
Business Analyst – IT Systems is responsible for the implementation
and support of IT Projects across the organization. These will include
identifying business requirements, data gathering (including data mining
from existing systems) and analysis, and high-level systems design.
Collaborating with a range of stakeholders, the Business Analyst – IT
systems will help ensure maximizes the benefits from both
new and existing systems and data.
The successful candidate will have:
A relevant tertiary qualification
Demonstrated knowledge, skills and experience in business analysis,
and in systems design in a broad sense – Information Systems,
People, & Processes
Advanced data analysis and reporting skills using tools such as
Crystal Reports, SQL, SIIS, BI tools and Excel
Experience with Microsoft Power Platform
Experience in data-driven analysis and development of reports and
processes to support measurement and monitoring of performance
KPIs
Well-developed organisational skills with demonstrated ability to
prioritise tasks, meet deadlines and attend to multiple tasks
Demonstrated knowledge and understanding of risk management and
quality improvement principles
Sound analytical skills and systematic approach to problem solving
Proficiency in Microsoft software and other software applications
Excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills
Application experience, e.g. Carelink Plus, CIM, Chris21 or Icare.

is a leading not-for-profit organisation with a reputation for
excellence. We have provided care to the Victorian community since
1959, offering residential aged care, home care packages, respite care,
in-home support, community housing, community programs, disability
and nursing services. We provide optimal choice for people of all ages,
irrespective of financial, religious, cultural or lifestyle background.
cares for more than 15,600 people each week across
greater Melbourne and regional Victoria through a highly integrated
service network operated by more than 2000 employees and 450
volunteers. Our staff are culturally and linguistically diverse, representing
89 nationalities and speaking 98 languages. Our organisation believes in
responding to the changing needs of the community and actively
encourages and supports continuous improvement, innovation and safe
service delivery.
offers opportunities for professional development, with an
ongoing learning culture and supportive team environment. If you are
looking for a caring work environment, are driven to provide high quality
care and wish to benefit from our generous salary packaging options,
please contact us. All successful applicants will need to undergo a
Police Check.