12 Jun 2020
Perth
Contract/Temp
Information & Communication Technology, Business/Systems Analysts

The Company
The, located just 8kms from the Perth CBD, is home to over 210,000 residents, more than 21,000 businesses and attracting over
450,000 visitors every year.
The’s Corporate Information Services team is responsible for the management of the City’s Information and Communications Technology
and is currently seeking a suitably qualified and experienced Business Systems Analyst to join the team.
The Role
Reporting to the Business Systems Team Lead, the Business Systems Analyst will be responsible for the delivery of specific modules through the full
system life cycle i.e. business requirements, system design, configuration, data migration, interfaces, testing and cut-over. This role also provides
support in investigation and resolution of issues and the provision of specialist advice to end users.
Essential qualifications and experience for this role are:
A Bachelor Degree in Information Systems with 5 years' experience in the implementation and support of ERP solutions such as TechnologyOne;
At least two years experience using and supporting TechnologyOne ERP ideally in Property & Rating and/or Asset Management;
Proven experience in business analysis, system testing and complex data migration;
Experience in Project Management Methodologies such as Prince2 and Agile will be an added advantage.
Experience in development and/or support of Salesforce will be well regarded.
If you think you’ve got what it takes to be a part of Team Stirling you’ll share our commitment to enhancing choice, opportunity and prosperity for our
community by:
Being an enthusiastic team member with strong interpersonal skills
Demonstrating a results driven attitude
Exercising finely tuned decision making skills
Using high level organisational and time management skills
What’s on offer?
This full time role is a level 8 Inside Workforce Agreement with an end dat of 30 december 2022 and attracts a salary range of $93,707-$98,639 gross
pro rata per annum plus superannuation and fantastic benefits such as:
Flexible working environment with Flexitime
Onsite Gym
Free parking and easy access via Stirling Train Station
Extra 6% matched Superannuation contribution
How to Apply
If you’re ready to be a part of a diversely talented team, to build your future with an organisation that is all about making an impact, improving lives and
inspiring others please submit an on-line application using the ‘Apply for Job’ button on the City’s website As part of your online application form you
will be prompted to complete relevant personal information and respond to application questions. Application questions form the first part of the
assessment process; candidates that do not complete these questions fully will not be assessed. Supporting documents should be saved in .doc or
.pdf format (Applications in other formats that cannot be opened will not be assessed)
INTERESTED?