Sydney
Full Time
Information & Communication Technology, Business/Systems Analysts

An opportunity to be a part of whose aim is to be partner of choice for the future wealth practice.
12 months’ Fixed Term contract role based in Sydney
Join the Legislative Program team to support project delivery activities
Work with a close-knit team with high performance
How will I help?
12 months fixed term contract, this role is responsible for undertaking business and user requirement definition activities through user interviews,
process analysis, requirements and scoping workshops, surveys, site visits, business process descriptions, use cases, scenarios, task and workflow
analysis and documenting them in User Stories.
The role will require you to:
Critically evaluate information gathered from multiple sources, reconcile conflicts, decompose high-level information into details, abstract up from
low-level information to a general understanding, and distinguish user requests from the underlying true needs
Proactively communicate and collaborate with external and internal customers to analyse information needs and functional requirements and
deliver the artefacts as needed
Demonstrate the ability to understand the opportunities and constraints associated with use of one or more COTS solution components and work
with stakeholders at all levels to explore and articulate the fit and gaps with current and/or potential business requirements in order to achieve
agreed business outcomes
Systematically analyse and document the costs and benefits of potential decision options, including an understanding of the operational process
and change management implications
Drive and challenge business units on their assumptions of how they will successfully execute their plans
Collaborate with developers and subject matter experts to establish the technical vision and analyze trade-offs between usability and performance
needs
Define and support test case definition and the testing activities to validate whether the requirements have been met
Provide End-User Support after the product is delivered, complementing the training team’s efforts with their knowledge of the business
requirements
What’s in it for me?
Joining has many benefits besides building a long and stable career. You’ll be able to purchase leave to facilitate your dreams or obligations
and you’ll be encouraged to participate in the community through paid volunteer leave and secondments. You’ll also be entitled to a suite of online
learning, training modules and career planning tools to grow with us.
What do I need?
Experience with Legislative / Regulatory / Compliance projects ideally within the Financial Services / Wealth Management Industry is highly
preferred
General platforms experience
Extensive demonstrable BA experience
Comfort and experience operating effectively in an Agile environment
Agile BA experience elaborating User Stories (and Acceptance Criteria)
Proactive approach to requirements gathering, can work with short deadlines and has a ‘all hands-on deck’ approach to analysis
Prior experience in large transformation programs of work is highly desirable
Exposure to Avaloq system highly preferred
Exposure to Jira / Confluence would be ideal
Comfortable to work in high paced environment with strong stake holder management skills
What’s it like to work there?
We aim to provide one big, supportive team to help us reach our vision to become one of the world’s great service companies. Working with us you will
discover new ways of working, and an exciting range of roles to showcase your skills. As an equal opportunity employer, we are proud to have created
a culture where people can be their best, in an environment that values diversity and flexibility. And one where everyone belongs.
How do I Apply?
Start here. Just click on the APPLY button.
The health and wellbeing of our employees is our priority and we will ensure that physical distancing requirements are met in all our workplaces as long
as required.