Electro Optic Systems (EOS) is an ASX listed Australian technology
company operating in the defence and aerospace markets. Our
products incorporate advanced electro-optic applications based on EOS
core technologies in software, laser, electronics, optronics, gimbals,
telescopes and beam directors, and precision mechanisms. With our
headquarters in Canberra and a growing global workforce, we are
experiencing exponential growth and are placed to become Australia's
leading defence and aerospace exporter.
The defence business develops and produces remotely controlled
weapon systems and ancillary products. These systems are adaptable

to suit potential customer weapon inventories and comprise state-of-the-
art gimbal mounts, fire control systems and world-class sensor units.

We continually strive to help our people achieve personal goals,
engaging them in challenging and inspiring projects that shape our
future.
EOS is an equal opportunity employer and we offer flexible work
arrangements, flexible hours, paid parental leave, employee incentive
scheme and additional annual leave.

About the role
As a Senior Software Engineer you will take ownership of the design
and development of software that integrates the data from an advanced
suite of sensors into a responsive, reliable and safe control system.

You will work with our Systems, Mechanical and Electronics Engineering
teams to engineer highly regarded products.
Skills
Commercial experience with C, C++, or Java programming
languages.
Strong verbal and written communication skills.
Able to solve challenging technical problems; and
Attention to detail.
Desirable Skills
Experience with engineering processes such as CMMI, or SPICE or
similar methodologies; and
Embedded or real-time software development.
Qualifications
Degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science or related field.
Post graduate qualifications in Engineering viewed favorably.
Experience in a similar role.
How to Apply
If you are willing to take on a challenge and want to make a contribution
to a proud Australian company that is growing rapidly then we would like
to hear from you. Please apply now with your resume and a covering
letter outlining your experience and why you believe you are the right fit
for our organisation.
We may review, short-list and/or conduct interviews for this role prior to
the closing date. We encourage the submission of early applications.