ACT NOW: Join a a rapidly growing & customer centric
technology company that is a leader in its field. This sought after
Org offers a fun, innovative & empowering company culture.
Currently we have a
(Permanent) Cloud Infrastructure Architect role available. You
will focus on Azure, Office 365, High Level End to End
Solution Design - Cloud, Infrastructure, Software and
Process Architecture.
You will require extensive and deep Azure & Office 365
Experience, having held relevant Solution / Technical
Architecture roles.
This is a a highly influential role that will see you guide
technical delivery of vendors and SME's. You will require a
strong Hands-on background in Software, Networking, Servers,
Storage & Compute, with strong Cloud & Hybrid Cloud
Architecture experience.
You will work closely with executive leadership to make your mark
in a number of ways.
Responsibilities:
Ensure high quality ICT technical outcomes
Enable and support projects activities in multiple APAC markets
through partnerships with local service providers
Guarantee continued success, through business enablement
using Technology
Working between objectives for both Corporate and Business
ICT outcomes evenly

Engage with ICT Team members and the executives of to
maintain/implement ICT strategies that align with corporate
objectives.
Work closely with the ICT service and project management
functions to oversee ICT technical delivery functions and
expand to all new locations, working with the Service and
Project stream leads
Manage strategic vendor contracts and 3rd party service
providers technically and support the service delivery manager
Be a key Technical escalation point and an analytical problem
solver
Develop and implement ICT policies, processes and
procedures.
Experience Required:
10+ years experience as a Technical / Solution Architect
Expert Level Azure and O365 Technical Architecture skills
Ability to be hands-on in Azure and Office 365 (Desirable)
Strong Cloud & Hybrid Cloud Architecture experience.
Expert level understanding of servers, networks and storage
platforms
Hands on experience developing and or integrating
bespoke applications with PaaS and SaaS solutions.
Hands-on Infrastructure or Software background
(Networking, Storage, Compute)
project delivery and time management skills
Excellent Communication & Stakeholder Engagement skills
Proven expertise in delivering complex solution architectures
and integrated digital solutions
Good knowledge of Telecommunications and Carrier solutions
You will be an expert in requirements analysis, business
analysis, application and architecture diagrams and
requirements traceability mapping.
Detailed understanding of typical enterprise applications or line
of business applications
Understanding of data protection technologies and techniques
including replication, preferably NetApp FlexPod
Understanding of customers operational models and
application tiers, N-Tier, Service Oriented and Client Server
High degree of aptitude in ITSM & ITIL
10 years experience in ICT including business transformation &
strategy
Mastery at establishing strategic service provider partnerships