Principal Cloud Architect - Cloud

Team

At we support our people to grow, learn, develop their
skills and reach their potential.

With a global portfolio of operations, we offer a diverse and inclusive
environment with extraordinary career opportunities. Our strategy is to
focus on creating a safe work environment where our employees feel
strongly connected to our values and objectives, and where the
capability of our people is key to our success.

To enable the acceleration of value delivery across the whole
Technology function, we have established a Cloud Team who are
designing, building, and maintaining our hybrid multi-cloud Cloud
Platform. We will enable other teams to rapidly deliver digital solutions
that improve the lives and work of our mining teams by providing a cloud
platform that embodies the principles of Infrastructure as Code, CI/CD,
and self-service.
We work fast and solve tough problems, and pride ourselves on our
culture of open collaboration, safety, diversity of thought and fun. We're
looking for the best and brightest cloud architects, engineers, and
product owners to execute against our cloud strategy.

Come and be a part of this success.

About the Role

As a Master Cloud Architect you will be the technical authority on the
 Cloud Platform. You own the architectural decisions for the team,
and are the visionary force for the platform, in alignment with the cloud
strategy and the overall vision of the Cloud Team. You will build close
relationships with the Cloud Architects and engineers to ensure
individual product technical decisions are aligned with the overall
strategy. You will engage with external stakeholders to provide technical
guidance and advice to speed adoption of the platform.

The fun parts of this role include;

Set ambitious and clear technical vision and communicate it
effectively to stakeholders, other architects, and the rest of the Cloud
Team to ensure a secure and scalable approach to leveraging cloud
is realised.
Works with Product Owners to align their roadmaps with the strengths
and opportunities within the technical stack
Drive deep architectural discussions to ensure complex solutions are
successfully deployed in the cloud
Work collaboratively with other architecture functions
Responsible for evolving the  Cloud Platform to ensure services
remain current, relevant and secure at all times
Remain up to date on new services, and roadmaps, from the major
cloud providers
Enable customers of the Cloud Platform to develop applications and
data-enabled use cases securely and quickly
Ensure applications migrated to the cloud are supported in a
sustainable manner and leverage cloud native architecture patterns
where appropriate
Drive automation and DevSecOps approaches throughout the
platform to ensure security and self-service is promoted
Lead internal cloud engineering squads on best practice cloud
architecture patterns

About you:
You will be a trailblazer who enjoys delivering great products through
complex problem solving. As a fantastic communicator you will be able
to get the best of a team and able to engage with a range of
multidisciplinary stakeholders.

We are looking for those with the following

STEM Bachelor's degree highly desirable
Significant expertise architecting and implementing large scale
production workloads in the public cloud
Significant experience using infrastructure as code and designing
end-to-end DevSecOps pipelines
Significant experience with cloud security, compliance and
governance
Experience communicating the differences in networking and security
of on-premise and cloud infrastructure
Experience with blast radius and hub and spoke topologies
Experience with serverless architectures
Experience working with high traffic, high demand applications which
require high availability
Understanding of holistic enterprise architecture and interplay of
analytical components with enterprise foundational components
Expertise in at least one high-level programming language including
e.g. Python, NodeJS or Java
Capable as a mentor, collaborator, team player, and individual
contributor
Can make architecture decisions at a team and product level
Strong communication skills with ability to align stakeholders on
complex technical decisions
Experience with coaching and mentoring technical team members
Believes in a non-hierarchical culture of collaboration, transparency,
safety, and trust
Not afraid to "roll up the sleeves" and seeks to go outside comfort
zone to learn – pushes teams to do the same
Experimental mindset to drive innovation
Experience leading with teams in an agile setting preferred

At, we recognise that we are strengthened by diversity. We are
committed to providing a work environment in which everyone is
included, treated fairly and with respect. We are an Equal Opportunity
employer and we encourage applications from women and Indigenous
people.
We know there are many aspects of our employees' lives that are
important, and work is only one of these, so we offer benefits to enable
your work to fit with your life. These benefits include flexible working
options, a generous paid parental leave policy, other extended leave
entitlements and parent rooms.