Domain Architect (Digital Channels)
At  we've built our bank's brand and customer experience online and
have done so for over 20 years in Australia. We're not afraid to do
things differently if it improves our customer experience. That's why
we're looking for an Architect to drive our customer channels across the
digital space focusing on web, mobile, app &API channels as well as our
CRM & Call Centre. You'll need to be experienced in the architecture
that comes with delivering Native, Hybrid Apps and Web. The Domain
Architect will lead/partner with our Digital and Innovation Tribe who
thrive on giving our customers a great online experience.
As the Domain Architect within our Digital Channels you'll be leading
and facilitating the project design activities to the level required to
ensure the quality of the entire solution. This requires closely working
with the Project Stakeholders – Domain Leads, Product Owners, IT and
Delivery Teams in an agile environment.
You'll define and propose the appropriate solution options based on the
business needs, current state and target state. We'd love you to think
differently about solutions and collaborate with us to deliver a great
customer centric experience. You'll design and estimate in line with
design principles set by the Enterprise Architect. You'll assist the

Domain/Tribe & Enterprise Architects to deliver domain road maps, high-
level designs and estimates and if necessary, you propose new

principles to the Enterprise Architect.
You'll have solid experience working in architecture teams delivering
application and/or solution architectures.
What are you going to do?
Defining, proposing and evolving appropriate solution options and
end-to-end solution architectures for solutions development across
the business domains and across applications based on the business
needs, current state and target state
Collaborating with IT Operations, IT Security & Risk departments to
ensure the delivery of sustainable solution design that meets the
requirements
Collaborating with Application/Platform Architects & Process
Architects on the selection of appropriate design patterns – working
as team/closely with all architects
Taking the ownership of solution design and verifying post
implementation
Being proactive in developing, improving and promoting ‘Best
Practices' and providing training to developers on best practice
design techniques to ensure highly efficient, reusable, consistent,
stable, secure and easily maintainable solutions.
Presenting & providing knowledge transfer on solution architectures,
road-maps and new technologies.
Providing recommendations on - performance, stability and security
consideration
Researching and recommending changes to the solution
architectures as technology evolves and that solutions are aligned
with EA Strategy and IT Road-maps – leading the road-map
development within a particular domain
Documenting solution architecture strategies, best practices, design
patterns, object modelling approaches and standards
What are we looking for? Someone who has
Demonstrated experience in delivering high traffic, front line mission
critical enterprise solutions in an IT Architecture/Design role in a
digital channels environment
Sound understanding of architecture frameworks and Business /
Capability Architecture practices
Experience with mobile development, web technologies and design
patterns (Responsive Web, Adaptive Web), Open Source
Frameworks, Micro services and Event oriented design patterns
Knowledge of Service Oriented Architecture patterns including SOAP
and REST based implementation patterns
Knowledge of non-functional aspects of IT Architecture (Performance,
Resilience, Availability, Security etc.)
Proven experience of partnering to deliver innovative customer
solutions
Experience within a banking environment is an advantage
Demonstrated experience to design and implement software
components in engagement with business stakeholders (non-IT) and
ability to liaise with a broad range of people, including line
management, senior management, external suppliers etc
Outstanding communication (written / verbal) & presentation skills to
be well developed and of a professional standard
Ability to operate at own initiative with a pro-active attitude, within the
directions and confines of management and Bank policy
Problem solving ability and strong analytical skills
About us
At , we want to make life simpler and more worthwhile - for everyone
who banks with us, for the people who work with us, and the community
at large, too.
When you come to work at , you're joining a team where individuality
isn't just accepted, it's encouraged. We've built a culture that's fun,
friendly and supportive - it's the kind of place where you can be yourself
and make the most of whatever you have to offer.
We give people the freedom to take risks, think differently, take
ownership of their work, and make great things happen. We're here to
help you get ahead and with our global network, there's plenty of scope
to take your career in new directions, perhaps even ones you've never
considered.
People of all ages, sexual orientations, cultures and backgrounds are
welcome to apply - likewise if you're living with a disability, or you have
family or caring responsibilities.
Sound like the kind of place you'd feel at home? We'd love to hear from
you.
(One last thing,  operates a direct talent sourcing model. So no
agency introductions, please.)