About Us
The ambition is bold, we want to be the world's best drinks retailer. We know that expectations of retail have never been higher so
our transactions must be instant, and our services must be intuitive and personal. We are embarking on our next generation of growth, and we want
you to be an influential part of it.
Our family of leading brands is well respected and highly visible throughout Australia, New Zealand and the world; from Dan Murphy's, our market
leading destination drinks merchant, to our local convenience offering at BWS, and our Cellarmaster wines and Langtons businesses with each of them
commanding a leadership position in their respective category.
The Role:
As our Solution Architect you will provide technical leadership and domain professional expertise related to designing solutions, tools, processes and
technological roadmaps for major cross-domain programs & systems, whilst ensuring alignment to technology and business strategies for Endeavour
Drinks. Leading the development of complex system designs to ensure effective solutions are designed in accordance with business requirements,
standards and technology strategy.
Key Responsibilities will include:
Applying Architecture development and governance processes for specific projects to promote effective quality and compliance within Architecture,
Development of solutions for projects according to architecture guidelines and processes,
Prove new concepts/tools by conducting or coordinating Proofs of Concept,
Contribute to the development, maintenance and application of architecture policies, standards and guidelines,
Facilitating high quality, timely IT estimates for solutions and roadmaps to ensure effective IT estimation of technology solutions,
Ensuring attention to non functional deliverables such as adherence to security, data privacy concerns, performance capabilities, including
scalability of solutions,
Ensuring solutions leverage modern platforms, eg: cloud, tools, techniques and processes.
Investigate and recommend improvement opportunities to drive continuous improvement and ensure remains innovative and up
to date with market leading technologies and industry trends.
Develop and grow relationships with key stakeholders including Heads of Business Unit and Technology General Managers to ensure appropriate
stakeholders are effectively engaged in the formulation of Architecture direction,
Provide technology advice and guidance to Business Unit Heads and Technology General Managers within a single domain to assist the business
in the formulation of business strategy and technology investment decisions,
Strong ability to convey technical information to non-technical business users and leaders.
The Ideal Candidate will possess:
Rich knowledge and experience with retail/e-commerce systems,
Track record of designing complex and modern technology solutions based on business requirements that complement existing and future service,
Solid knowledge and experience of best practice architecture standards, including TOGAF,
Solid understanding of Agile principles and DevOps practices,
Excellent knowledge of Azure cloud offerings, and some knowledge of other Cloud solutions,
A .Net software development background,
A "can do attitude" - takes ownership of the task, is accountable for the result and responsible along the way,
Excellent written and verbal communication skills,
Desire for learning and continuous improvement,
Good knowledge of solution quotation and business case development.

Joining Endeavour Drinks
comprises a diverse range of drinks businesses including BWS, Dan Murphy's, ALH and Pinnacle Drinks. We are focused on
growing and transforming our businesses to meet the changing needs of customers and we're driven by a culture that puts our customers and team
first. Our ambition is to connect everyone with a drinks experience they'll love.
As an inclusive, team-first company, our people are at the core of everything we do.
We care deeply about creating a workplace where our team members feel valued, respected and empowered. We are committed to providing equal
opportunity regardless of gender identity, ethnicity, disability or sexual orientation and we are proud to be recognised as a Gold Tier Employer in the
Australian Workplace Equality Index for LGBTI inclusion.
We value flexibility, and encourage our team members to work in ways that meet their work/life commitments and support their wellbeing.
We work hard to create a safe and inclusive environment for all, and most importantly, we're all about creating better experiences – for our customers
and for each other.
We'd love to hear from You
If you meet a number of the requirements, but not all, we encourage you to submit your application. You can follow us on LinkedIn or see more
opportunities via