Junior IS&T Applications Specialist
 are seeking a Junior IS&T Applications Specialist to support our
Integrated Facilities Management Services (IFMS) portfolio located in
the Perth support centre. This is a fixed-term position of 6 months
duration and an ideal opportunity for someone who was recently
completed their tertiary studies and completed 6 – 12 months in the
industry to date.
About the job
Reporting to the IS&T Business Partner, you are the technical resource
to support, maintain, develop and deploy Microsoft Dynamics 365
solutions for our IFMS platform.
You are primarily responsible for providing analysis and rectification of
business-critical issues/outages/breakages with urgency and in a timely
manner. You will also provide advice on potential functional and
technical design improvements, while meeting business demand and
quality requirements, in line with Microsoft product roadmaps.
Working closely alongside our Senior IS&T Applications Specialist and a
team of Microsoft-certified professionals, your responsibilities will also
include:
Performing systems integration testing and architectural reviews of
changes or enhancements
Within Microsoft D365 - researching, consulting, analysing and
evaluating system needs
Working with the Senior IS&T Applications Specialist to identify
technology limitations and deficiencies in current systems, processes,
and procedures
About you
To be successful in this role, you will ideally have recent experience with
Microsoft CRM Development within varied project environments. You
have tertiary qualifications in computer science or a related computer
applications discipline, and experience working on Microsoft D365 or
previous Microsoft CRM Online projects.
You have a continuous improvement mindset and can problem solve
and trouble-shoot while working with initiative and a commitment to
delivering quality outcomes.
Additional experience and knowledge requirements include:
Microsoft D365 customer engagement (CE) design and development
experience
experience documenting Solution Architecture
Microsoft D365 Customisation and Development (.NET/JavaScript)
D365 Field Services (Resco platform)
Developing and supporting CRM plugins, workflows and processes
What's next
This role will be offered on a fixed-term full time permanent basis.
 offers a competitive salary package along with great employee
benefits and recognition program.
If this sounds like the right job for you, please apply with a current
resume. Please note applications will close Friday, 17 July but
shortlisting and interviews may commence prior.
About 
 provides a range of services at remote locations across
Australia, servicing both on-shore and off-shore sites, in difficult and
challenging environments. At , our Energy & Resources segment
serves four markets: Mining, Offshore & Marine, Onshore Energy, and
Engineering & Construction Projects. Our growing team of employees is
dedicated to improving productivity, building meaningful client
relationships, reducing on-site problems and improving quality of life for
the thousands of Australians who call our remote sites home.

 is an Equal Opportunity Employer and encourages cultural diversity, gender
equality and nondiscrimination. To be eligible to apply for this role you must be legally
permitted to work permanently in Australia. Please note that unsolicited applications from
recruitment agencies will not be accepted.