Senior Test Engineer

Senior Test Engineer 
Ready for a challenge? Opportunity to be a part of one of the most
exciting retail transformations in Australia.
What we are looking for?
 is looking for a Senior Test Engineer to join the squad in the
The tribe primarily focuses on the various systems and
platforms that make home delivery and collection of all orders from our
website and mobile app possible.
The Senior Test Engineer will work in a team of 3-5 engineers, a Product
Manager, BA and QAs/test engineers to uplift the online platform that
powers Australia's leading supermarket with significant growth plans.
Key Responsibilities Include:
Working collaboratively in cross-functional teams to develop a strong
understanding of the systems and testing objectives
Design, create, execute, analyze, manual and automated tests both
for sprint as well as regression testing
Support production deployment of applications and perform Smoke
Screen testing
Gather feedback and implement continuous test improvement
Ability to create and define a test approach for any given context
Skilled at analyzing a product for testing, using a number of different
oracles
Adept at writing robust test cases that stand the test of time
Ability to write clear reproducible bug reports quickly and concisely
and collaborate with developers to get them fixed
Carry out exploratory testing within an Agile development
environment
Improve the quality of developer output via QA-Dev pair testing,
providing feedback based on root cause analysis
Maintain a high-quality bar in a complex and constantly evolving
workspace.
Mentor the other QA Team members and drive them to follow best
Automation practices across Tribe
Our Ideal Candidate:
You're driven by a customer mission and passionate about being part of
a tribe of great people. Whichever field you love - design, technology,
engineering, you're active in the community that sits around it.
You don't have to have worked in retail or with a big corporate, but you
might have. Or you may have invested your talent in startups, digital
SMEs or management consultancies. What you do need is to know how
you could contribute to our teams. Be interested and interesting!
We're looking for someone with a passion for modern technology and
an interest in e-commerce.
You will be a team player with excellent communication skills.
You are comfortable with ambiguity and will thrive on analysing
problems, formulating solutions, and making those a reality.
You ‘get' agile and feel comfortable giving input on team processes.
You're involved in the Testing community. You enjoy attending
meetups, conferences, have a blog or a GitHub portfolio.
What you will bring:
Experience in engaging QA Team members and driving Test
Automation and Performance Testing strategy.
Ability to coach and mentor both junior and senior QAs.
Proven experience reducing Regression Cycle time and an
understanding of BDD.
Experience with API Automation frameworks such as RestAssured,
Postman etc
Experience with Mobile Automation frameworks such as appium,
XCUITEST
Experience with Performance Testing tools like Jmeter, Taurus.
Strong programming fundamentals.
Strong understanding of micro-service, cloud computing services
(Azure is preferred), transaction and documented datastores and
scripting languages such as Bash or Powershell.

Joining the Group

As an inclusive, team-first company, our people are at the core of
everything we do.

We care deeply about creating a workplace where our team members
feel valued, respected and empowered. We are committed to providing
equal opportunity regardless of gender identity, ethnicity, disability,
sexual orientation or life stage and we are proud to be recognised as a
Gold Tier Employer in the Australian Workplace Equality Index for
LGBTI inclusion.
As our Group continues to evolve, innovate and support our
communities, we encourage our team members to do the same with
their own careers, by providing ongoing opportunities to grow and make
a real difference.
We value flexibility, and encourage our team members to work in ways
that meet their work/life commitments and support their wellbeing.
We work hard to create a safe and inclusive environment for all, and
most importantly, we're all about creating better experiences – for our
customers and for each other.
We'd love to hear from You
If you meet a number of the requirements, but not all, we encourage you
to submit your application. You can learn more about working with us on
LinkedIn
Our Talent Acquisition Team and Hiring Leaders kindly request no
unsolicited resumes or approaches from Recruitment Agencies.
Group is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited
resumes.