The person holding this position will work in the Integration & Maintenance
Engineering team which is responsible for the testing and integration of new
releases of software, hardware and services into the organisations network.
The holder will primarily work in the Value Added Services Integration and
Maintenance Area Group. The primary platforms the applicant is expected to
work on include but not limited to Policy and TDF platforms.
NB This work will involve late night and weekend work
The following are the key skills and experience required for the role:
Extensive experience in telecommunications. Both depth and breadth of
technical experience is required. This should include extensive
experience in a technical role in one or more of the following areas: 2,2.5
and 3G Mobile Network Technologies, TDM voice, Voice over IP, SDH
transmission, IP Networking, OSS (Network management), Intelligent
Network elements, Voicemail systems, IVR Technologies,
Detailed understanding of how policy works in a mobile environment and
experience working on the Cisco platform would be a great advantage.
Big data and analytics.
Detailed understanding of the diameter protocol in relation to policy
enforcement.
Databases and in particular Postgress.
Unix skills and in particular Redhat
Understands and can diagnose customer complaints
Participation in major fault resolution across multiple platforms
Clearly communicate and present ideas and information to manager level
Experience working on databases and policy.
Desired experience, understanding or credentials in:
Testing/Proof of Concept background with an understanding of testing
methodology and identifying platform limits.
Experience in internetworking design and implementation of what works
rather than what is bought/sold
Experience in a large scale network environment.
Experience working with VMware and virtualisation.
If you have the skills and experience mentioned above and believe you are
the right candidate for the role then APPLY NOW on the link below!!