*** MUST BE AN AUSTRALIAN CITIZEN AS YOU WILL NEED TO BE ELIGIBLE TO GAIN A GOVERNMENT SECURITY CLEARANCE - NV1 ***
We are a business who is crazy about customers. We use disruptive thinking every day to ensure that we are capturing every opportunity to deliver the
ultimate experience to our customers and people. We empower our people to Do it. Own it. Love it and that’s why they choose to work for us. Here,
it’s never just a job – We care about what we do and the impact we have, and that’s what connects us.
Whoever you are, you'll fit right into our team of 1,400 different personalities. We’ll support you to be the best you can be here at Vocus and at home.
What’s the opportunity?
The Service Operations Command Centre team is accountable for the operation, maintenance of Vocus Networks and Network facilities. It also is
accountable for all wholesale and retail service provider customer interactions from a service support perspective and is the owner of the customer
experience on Vocus technologies.
The OCC Engineer, will be accountable to ensure the effective delivery of operational tasks including monitor, log & diagnose, enrichment, manage and
resolve/close of all tickets (including change) during the shift period; in addition, they will be responsible for meeting all KPI/OLA and service level
requirements.
As a hands-on, sleeves-up OCC Engineer at Vocus, you’ll genuinely love getting the job done for your customers and team mates. You’ll be the
difference between Vocus and our competitors. Here’s a typical day in your life:
Manage the resolution of Incidents across the full range of supported services, technologies. This includes prioritization, communication,
escalation, analysis and review.
A forensic approach to event monitoring and incident management
Ensure the effective completion of proactive and reactive operational tasks and routines by the shift team to deliver process outputs and meet
service level requirements by the prioritization, allocation, progression, resourcing and appropriate escalation of operational tasks.
Constantly monitoring for attacks and intrusions (physical/logical) on Vocus networks
Assist in the development of shift team members and by providing formal input to regular performance reviews, performing on the job coaching
and implementing training and development plans and activities.
Deep understanding of security operations and process
Maintain existing documentation, fault management and change management standards
Create reports and provide commentary on operational progress/reports for staffing, network performance, PIR’s and departmental objectives
Perform the role of Major Incident Controller during Major Service Outages, acting as the first point of escalation for operational issues and
defining, communicating and implementing escalation plans and fix strategies to restore service to meet service level targets.
Participate in an environment oriented to trust, open communication, creative thinking, and cohesive team effort. Inspire creative thinking and
support strategic vision
What we need from you:
*** MUST BE AN AUSTRALIAN CITIZEN AS YOU WILL NEED TO BE ELIGIBLE TO GAIN A GOVERNMENT SECURITY CLEARANCE - NV1 ***
***YOU MUST BE COMFORTABLE WITH WORKING 24/7, 365 DAYS A YEAR SHIFT ROSTER ***
If this is, you read on and see what else we are after:
Deep knowledge of a telecoms operational environment with a general understanding of I.T, broadband internet and Voice technologies.
At least 3 years’ experience in the Telco industry in a technical service role, ideally in a Telco OCC support environment
We are looking prior knowledge or experience in transmission and service provider IP/MPLS network
Experience working in Service Management environment or similar with knowledge of ITIL processes and qualified to a minimum of ITIL
Foundation.
Ability to work under own initiative and effectively manage customer and inter-departmental relationships.
Awareness of ISO27001, ISO9001, ISO20000
Ability to prioritize work load in a complex networking environment
Proven ability to effectively manage fluctuating workloads and optimize available resources to meet changing priorities and deadlines, putting the
customer at the heart of every decision.
Dynamically responds to both strategic and tactical operational management requirements.
It’s a seriously exciting time to join Vocus and there’s even more to come. If you think you want to join us and be part of something great, do
it and apply now!
The extra stuff we know you want to know
We know how to celebrate our wins and we know learning from our mistakes makes us better. We are all about flexible working and, hand on heart, we
practise work life balance. We high five you on your work anniversary and give you a day off. We know time off is important for balance, so we have an
option to buy more leave. We embrace your unique style and let you be a master of your own style with no dress code. This is just the tip of the
iceberg, so jump on our careers site or LinkedIn to find out more!
Did I hear you say, “Who is Vocus?”
We are a challenger business in the Telco and Energy Industry. We listened to our customers and heard that they wanted more from a network, so
that’s what we’ve given them.
We built the network thanks to our own team of highly skilled fibre engineers.
We own our network giving us easier, straightforward access.
We manage our network here in Australia out of our Melbourne offices.
We now have more than 20,000 km of fibre optic cable laid and operational throughout Australia, 5000 on-net buildings connected to our network.